a bs, ba in math, statistics, economics, business or a related technical field.
experience with data visualization tools, looker.
experience converting large datasets into actionable business insights using sql and microsoft excel and visualization tools such as looker.
experience with scripting and data analysis programming languages, python, r. an understanding of the payments industry.
sql, mysql, snowflake, bigquery, etc.
python.
email is the universal communication tool for work.
expert in sql or equivalent data analysis framework.
clear written and verbal communication skills to convey the results of your analyses effectively.
expertise in data visualization.
expertise in data modeling and data warehouse-based analytical work.
experience in collaborative research or cross-functional working groups.
experience with bi tool-based dashboard creation and reporting at scale.
their duties include organizing and managing large and varied data sets, analyzing healthcare data to optimize business operations and communicating their findings through the use of data visualization and detailed reports per the direction and requests of the quality director.
minimum qualifications, associates degree in related field, mathematics, statistics, or healthcare.
proficiency with windows, excel, and other database programming.
experience with data visualization tools.
knowledge of data management applications.
excellent written and verbal communication skills and some knowledge of medical terminology.
tier 1 and 2 business intelligence, bi, analytics support.
participate in qa, regression testing to support new releases.
create and utilize existing sql statements to investigate issues and correct data in databases.
sql \xa0.
excel.
any bi reporting tool, sap business objects, tableau, salesforce analytics, databricks, cognos, crystal reports, etc.
problem solving, critical thinking skills.
excellent communication skills.
expert in data analysis, visualization, and communication, with prior full-time work experience strongly preferred.
experience creating dashboards, visualizations using, tableau, or similar.
proficiency with sql, and comfort with pythondetail-oriented, relentless, willing to find cracks in the system to expose problems.
strong communication skills, and ability to work with multiple stakeholders.
find actionable strategic insights through funnels, cohort analyses, user segmentation, retention analyses and regression models to help us grow our products.
work with engineering and product to implement, qa, and monitor our logging and metrics, regularly report findings and ongoing kpis to marketing to provide visibility into campaign performance and assist in campaign optimization, requirements.
ba, bs in computer science, math, economics, statistics, or other quantitative fields.
a solid grasp of common statistical methods and applications, a, b testing, probability, regression.
expert experience pulling large and complex data using sql.
experience with a data visualization tool, mode analytics, chartio, tableau.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
experience with marketing analytics, attribution, forecasting.
experience working with very large data sets and distributed computing, hive, hadoop, mapreduce.
familiarity with r or python is a plus.
responsible for the design, build, testing, training, and support of the electronic medical record, emr, system.
strong computer skills including windows, outlook, word, excel, visio, and powerpoint.
technical expertise in subject matter areas demonstrated by documented experience in analysis, process and workflow design, research, installation, implementation and support of ehr system.
must have a minimum of 5 years sql experience.
experience using data visualization tools, tableau, yellowfin bi, practice analytics.
successful candidates for this role have strong sql and statistics skills, are passionate about games, and are clear communicators, responsibilities.
effectively write, present and communicate research results with recommendations.
bachelor’s degree or equivalent work experience in computer science or related discipline such as statistics, mathematics, economics, etc.
experience writing and optimizing sql queries, and working with large data sets.
data visualization and dash-boarding experience using tableau, looker, or similar.
bachelor’s degree in analytics, mis, information technology, computer science, statistics, engineering or another analytical discipline from an accredited college or university or equivalent experience.
broad understanding of information systems design methodologies, testing, processes and language.
knowledge of accounting, finance principles and exceptional math, statistics skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills, including interpersonal skills.
intermediate knowledge of microsoft access and sql.
intermediate knowledge of microsoft excel.
strong proficiency and experience in r and, or r studio and, or python.
expert knowledge of microsoft excel and microsoft access.
advanced knowledge of sql.
general knowledge of retail operations, purchasing, forecasting, manufacturing, distribution.
knowledge of operations research linear, non-linear programming, simulation, optimization and activity based costing.
knowledge of any business intelligence tools, like microstrategy, power bi, business objects, tableau etc.
business development.
putting forth cohesive business architecture story across various functions through design thinking.
experience working in cloud environment, azure preferred, aws and gcp experience is acceptable.
strong understanding of sql and nosql databases, ability to query data from disparate data sources.
expertise in r, python and sql.
excellent communication.
extensive experience with data visualization, preferably in powerbi.
you will use your r skills to quickly dive through our data, weed out the randomness and find the true signal.
interpret consumer research studies and help guide the business strategy based on the results.
work cross-functionally to understand and elevate the analytics functions of experience development, business development, consumer marketing strategy, margin optimization, etc.
highly comfortable with both sql and r to extract, manipulate, and analyze data.
strong background in statistics.
natural curiosity -- asking the next question and seeking to understand at the nuanced level to spark a new idea.
minimum qualifications, masters degree in a quantitative discipline, statistics, bioinformatics, computational biology, computer science, applied mathematics, or similar, or equivalent practical experience.
experience with sql, python or similar.
experience with statistical data analysis such as hypothesis testing, linear models, multivariate analysis, predictive modeling.
as a self-starter, you relish tallying up the numbers one minute and communicating your findings to a team leader the next, google ai aims to use machine learning, ml, and other tools to improve healthcare.
we work closely with partners to research and explore solutions that improve the availability and accuracy of medical services, as a data analyst youll analyze rich structured and unstructured healthcare datasets.
youll serve as an analytics expert, ensure data quality, build ml models, and deliver meaningful insights through data.
youll make critical recommendations for your fellow googlers in engineering and product management, our team combines experts in medicine, machine learning, engineering, statistics and more to support clinical breakthroughs using a variety of techniques.
we’ve partnered with medical researchers, bioinformaticians, and healthcare partners to explore how machine learning combined with clinical expertise could improve patient outcomes.
design automation tools for data cleaning, validation and verification.
define data quality metrics and automated reports to provide insight at scale.
apply statistical methods to measure data quality and detect data anomaly, at google, we don’t just accept difference—we celebrate it, we support it, and we thrive on it for the benefit of our employees, our products and our community.
familiarity with sql.
proficient user of microsoft office, including excel and powerpoint.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
degree, advanced degree in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
skills in looker, tableau, and, or other dashboarding tools.
skills in python and, or r. familiarity with a, b testing and analyzing results.
experience working within an agile workflow.
a, b testing experience with an understanding of hypothesis testing and power analysis.
expert sql skills--your ability to tap into our data pipeline will be key to your success.
fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including time series analysis, experimentation, data visualization, and defining kpi strategy for your business.
\xa0this includes adopting a process-oriented methodology that is based on data governance, transformation, ingestion, storage, access control, and reporting.
analyze data using a variety of tools such as excel, pivot tables, database queries.
monitor production operations of multiple products as it relates to data ingestion and processing.
help bridge the gap in data requirements between business owners and sql server developers.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa03-5 years of etl, data analysis, sql query writing, and operations. ·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0proficient with sql, especially sql server management.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0experience with sql ssrs, ssis.
\u202f use advanced data analysis techniques that leverage technology to process large volumes of data to perform complex computations in a scalable, reproducible and automated manner.
cultivate business development opportunities.
minimum requirements, bachelors degree in computer science, operations research, mathematics, statistics, economics, engineering or a related field and 5 years of progressive, post-baccalaureate related work experience; or a master’s degree in computer science, operations research, mathematics, statistics, economics, engineering or a related field and 4 years of related work experience, must have 4 years of experience providing advisory or consulting services, including helping clients achieve transformational value by improving performance through the use of advanced analytics solutions.
must have 4 years of recent hands-on experience using advanced analytics, machine learning or artificial intelligence to solve business problems.
must have 2 years of experience managing a team of consulting professionals, providing regular status updates, monitoring project economics and managing client relationships.
must have 3 years of recent hands-on programming experience in at least 2 of the following r, python, sas, spss, or tensorflow.
must have 3 years of recent hands-on experience with sql programming and data visualization skills using tableau, power bi, spotfire, or d3.
project duration: 12+ months.
assist with project issues log to initiate, track and record the resolution of project issues.
follow and update structured data collection procedures.
develop and execute sql, oracle, sas, documentum queries based on business application edd requirements.
ability to write sql, dql queries and coordinate creation of queries with other technical resources.
assist in testing and qa of collection and processing tools for system implementation and upgrades.
1-2 years of experience extracting data from the ms sql server.
good interpersonal skills, i. e, strong verbal, and written communication, work well in a team environment.
summarize findings and support the communication of results to customers, both written report and oral presentation.
provide consultation and related operational support to customers as needed, with the help of more senior data analysts and, or the client project lead.
assist business development and quality assurance teams in responding to client questions and requests, rfp responses, audits, etc.
experience with one or more statistical programming languages, preferably sas.
excellent english oral and written communication skills.
to 2+ years of experience in a clinical research environment.
establishing relationships with business stakeholders to identify and address relevant areas; client risk, periodic kyc, pkr, data analyses, develop monthly metrics for the quality control testing team, middle office and other aml kpis evaluate effectiveness of processes and controls; proactively identify gaps, define solutions, and execute on process and control improvements, actively collaborating with other teams and smes to identify relevant data sources, help develop value-add assessments and deliver critical time bound rollouts, advising stakeholders on analytical approaches.
effective communication and presentation skills.
effective presentation skills with the ability to inform, educate stakeholders about the findings of the analysis, work closely with and establish effective communication channels with key stakeholders, smes and clients to gather project requirements, specifications and limitations in order to develop state of the art reporting capabilities, communicate effectively across all levels of the organization.
experience in applying advanced statistical techniques, such as, descriptive statistics, statistical modelling, machine learning, a plus.
expert proficient in powerpoint, excel, vba programming, microsoft access, sql, tableau, and alteryx.
python proficiency preferred.
that’s driving success in other industries and making it available through tools such as big data, personal growth plans, custom assessments, and eventually, an entire market network focused on growth.
you have in-depth experience with data visualization and a communication style that gives you the ability to deliver your message clearly and concisely to stakeholders.
proficiency with analysis and query languages – sql, r, python, athena.
experience with data visualization and bi tools, tableau, insight squared or lookr.
ability to identify opportunities for product optimization by tracking user behavior using gainsight, google analytics, hotjar, and google tag manager.
creative, articulate, and competent communication style – you deliver your message clearly, concisely, and confidently every time.
apply expertise in data analysis, data mining, and data visualization to see beyond the numbers and help provide insights behind the numbers.
strong hands-on sql experience and advanced excel skills required; python, r preferred.
experience pulling unstructured data from disparate data sources.
data and analytics is fast emerging area in shell and requires broad knowledge of not only the technology area but also understand its application in the business from an business intelligence, management information and application perspective.
the data and analytics portfolio advisor is part of the enterprise technology and project team, etp, that reports to the cio it service operations.
as a portfolio advisor you play key role in defining the multiyear strategic roadmap, investment plan and key programs for data and analytics supporting shell enterprise businesses, whats the role, the successful candidate must balance the technology focus with the long-term strategy as it integrates with other areas of it.
this includes maintaining data integrity and quality in the relevant it portfolio management systems, servicenow, maintaining the demand funnel, maintaining the integrated portfolio plan, including service components consumed by the service, reporting on portfolio data, total cost of ownerships, service uptakes, component service roadmaps, investment proposal, itso lt, ite papers, supporting project initiation and oversight on project delivery.
strong interpersonal, communication, facilitation and presentation skills.
the core it competences itil, portfolio, project management.
technical knowledge on power bi and azure big data platforms.
shell is a global group of energy and petrochemical companies with about 84, 000 employees across more than 70 countries.
there’s never been a more exciting time to work at shell.
combine our creative, collaborative environment and global operations with an impressive range of benefits and joining shell becomes an inspired career choice.
please note we occasionally amend or withdraw shell jobs and reserve the right to do so at any time, including prior to the advertised closing date.
this policy describes the processing that may be associated with your personal data and informs you that your personal data may be transferred to royal dutch, shell group companies around the world.
the shell group and its approved recruitment consultants will never ask you for a fee to process or consider your application for a career with shell.
anyone who demands such a fee is not an authorised shell representative and you are strongly advised to refuse any such demand.
shell participates in e-verify.
shell is an equal opportunity employer - minorities, females, veterans, disability.
\xa0this position will design and develop bi, ai projects on symitar platforms.
proficient with ms access and excel.
with sql.
preference given to applicants who have knowledge of jack henry - symitar episys – poweron and easy writer, advanced reporting for credit unions, arcu, –sql, visible equity loan analytics, financial performance suite, profitstars – profitability and pricing model, pscu datavue, web intelligence, jack henry synapsys sales and marketing tool, pscu, cisco and italk telecommunications, ncr, digital insight, online banking, co-op shared branch and atm use, fraud prevention tools, peer analysis.
you have in-depth experience with data visualization and a communication style that gives you the ability to deliver your message clearly and concisely to stakeholders.
helping direct insights that will improve efficiencies and identifying opportunities for product optimization.
proficiency with analysis and query languages – sql, r, python, athena.
experience with data visualization and bi tools, tableau, insight squared or lookr.
ability to identify opportunities for product optimization by tracking user behavior using gainsight, google analytics, hotjar, and google tag manager.
creative, articulate, and competent communication style – you deliver your message clearly, concisely, and confidently every time.
we empower the original mobile device: you, what were looking for, you can support the sales team by developing structured sales processes, analyzing sales performance within each process framework, and implementing solutions based on the results of data analysis.
you have the ability to be responsible for the development of essential solutions to support sales field intelligence, including definition of key success measures for actionable performance assessment and process optimization.
performs data mining and analysis on internal and external data sets and databases.
provides internal updates on project status, timeline, milestones and deliverables.
experience with it operations and systems including: databases, security and networking.
expert excel user with ability to automate reports, charts, pivot tables, vlookup, macros, vba, and database connectivity.
com, about, legal, privacy, citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.
html.
intermediate excel skills.
proficient in querying a large amount of data using sql query skills, ssis, ssrs not required but is a plus.
python programming experience.
the ideal candidate will have some experience writing queries using sql as well as some python experience.
** performs data collection, analysis, and reporting.
our approach is customized for each client and patient using evidence-based criteria and medicine, data analysis, and deep clinical and technical proficiency gained through more than 40 years serving medicaid agencies, workers compensation commissions and private insurers.
proficiency with sql and ssrs, knowledge base, and, or sas for data mining.
proficiency with manipulation and analysis of large data sets, report automation using excel and access, development of effective data visualizations and graphics.
4+ years of related systems and, or technical support experience that includes report design and data analysis.
statistical, research, and, or benchmarking analytical experience preferred.
you will design innovative analytic approaches to test hypotheses, extract actionable insights by identifying patterns in structured and unstructured data, and develop recommendations to drive business performance.
act as a liaison between business units and data engineering to drive key operational metrics for enabling business success and value-addition within the data and analytics domain.
use internal and external analytics tools, sql, and scripting languages to access and analyze multivariate data.
a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, mis, statistics, economics, mathematics, etc.
excellent sql skills for complex querying, analysis, performance optimization, and persisting data.
excellent data visualization skills with tools like tableau, qlikview, microstrategy, etc.
experience working in a “big-data” environment, hadoop, hive, presto, bigquery, snowflake, redshift, etc.
familiarity with data science programming languages like r, sas, and python.
understanding of data warehousing concepts, design, modeling and data engineering.
outstanding written and oral communication skills.
data analytics consultant with ts, sci, polygraph\xa0, deloitte is hiring a data analytics consultant in fort meade, md to support our intelligence community customers with data-driven solutions to key national security challenges.
our teams are leading the way with strategic planning, process robotics, automation, and data visualization.
- ts, sci security clearance with polygraph is required\xa0.
- experience with tools such as cognos and tableau is preferred\xa0.
- knowledge of python and, or r is a plus.
in math, statistics or related field strongly preferred.
expert in microsoft access, excel and powerpoint.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
sql.
experience with web design and html creation.
demonstrated knowledge of business driving technology solutions, such as iri, power bi, business warehouse, bw, and source.
qualifications, ·bachelors degree required and preferred in a field requiring strong analytical and quantitative skills, math or finance preferred.
·demonstrated interest in learning techniques and technologies such as statistical analysis, excel, vb, r, python, data management, sql, and reporting, ssrs, tableau.
·sql, t-sql.
·advanced excel, vba.
·tableau reporting, dashboards.
2+ years professional experience with sql and relational databases.
scripting language experience, r preferred.
an understanding of common statistical applications and methods, correlation, summary statistics, regression.
experience with domo, tableau, powerbi preferred.
the ideal candidate will use their passion for big data and analytics to provide insights to the business covering a range of topics.
qualifications, bachelors or masters degree in statistics or applied mathematics or equivalent experience.
1 - 2 years data analysis experience, proficient in sql.
data governance - accepting new clients.
as a data governance analyst, you will have blended responsibilities of data and business analysis.
in this role, there will be a moderate to heavy usage of sql queries since you will be analyzing substantial data sets.
you will work in a data warehouse environment and could potentially be involved in working with metadata, data marts, etl, source systems, cloud environment and various reporting elements.
additionally, you would be involved in writing complex queries, conducting data cleansing, ensuring data quality, and data enrichment.
you would leverage programming and business intelligence skills, including python, sql, tableau, on analytical platforms to prepare and manage data; create dashboards; develop kpis and provide business insights.
who we are, team incept helps our clients implement their data governance program to bring all the enterprise-wide data sources onto an integrated platform.
we are partners with informatica and other organizations who are leaders in the data governance space.
incept has been instrumental in training and development of the next generations data governance specialists.
as part of our strategic plan to continue transforming our clients into data-driven organizations, our teams excel in design and implementation of data governance.
if you have robust database and sql knowledge, that would be fantastic.
exposure to cloud technologies, big data analytics, hadoop eco-system, data lakes and data warehouse concepts like fact tables, dimension tables, dimensional modeling, star schema, snowflake schema, slowly changing dimensions is desirable.
data governance is a relatively new and upcoming field with limitless potential.
job purpose, under general supervision, perform data research and financial analysis to answer complex business questions.
defining new data collection and analysis processes as needed.
responsible for testing systems enhancements and fixes.
qualifications, requirements, bachelors degree in a related field, math, statistics or business preferred, 3-5 years of experience in a data analytics or similar role.
experience in: diagnosing, isolating, and resolving complex issues and recommending and implementing strategies to resolve problems; data extraction, data mining, data acquisition, data profiling and data warehouse management; data warehouse, business intelligence, decision support systems environment or it experience.
microsoft database technologies, sql server, t-sql, ssis, ssas, and mdx, experience and advanced-level skill in excel, including macros, pivot tables and advanced formatting, required.
excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to clearly communicate findings to all levels of the organization.
strong interpersonal skills, problem solving skills and the ability to handle multiple demands and competing priorities.
knowledge of statistical concepts and data mining techniques.
this role includes defining and testing business requirements for data related projects in dpands operational systems, cps-iw. participation in data governance activities, as well as corporate data initiatives will also be required.
oracle sql proficiency preferred.
identify interface or data issues, analyze and problem solve, conducting research to determine the best course of action for correction.
organize data management output, including continual process improvement and documentation.
develop graphs, reports, and presentations of project results; create and present quality dashboards; generate routine and ad hoc reports.
assist with data governance support, including data definitions and subject matter knowledge.
qualifications, bachelors degree in mathematics, economics, statistics, information science or similar background.
strong microsoft excel and access.
programming proficiency, possible applications, languages, oracle sql, visual basic, java and cognos.
team lead - information, cyber security practice, north america at cloud international.
my team and i are currently working with one of the top insurance firms in the united states in their search to bring on several well-versed data analysts who have a specific focus in the cyber security space.
this opportunity offers fantastic career trajectory, an opportunity to work with several blue-chip technologies on a long term project with one of the most reputable firms in the world, if interested in this exclusive opportunity, lets connect, what you need to succeed.
* must have strong microsoft excel experience: pivot tables, lookups etc.
- microsoft excel.
* must have strong microsoft excel experience: pivot tables, lookups etc.
- microsoft excel.
bi data analyst.
bi data analyst.
since you will interface directly with our customers, you must have excellent communication and people skills.
you will also be working with a wide range of software development experts including developers, database administrators, software architects, quality assurance staff, product specialists and all levels of management.
interview customers to determine requirements for data, reports, analysis, metadata, training, service levels, data quality, and performance participate in design of data marts to provide the optimal balance of data availability, format, flexibility, and performance identify appropriate data uses and data structure required for analysis in the business or functional area while mapping business requirements to subject area and logical enterprise models.
create data results through techniques and tools such as basic queries, data mining and multidimensional analysis determine the best technique for extracting data from a particular source system and moving it to the bi system
understand a variety of diverse bi acquisition techniques understand the data structure and meaning in both the source and the target
bi systems identify and assess data sources and create source, target data mappings.
requirements: proficient with sql 3+ years of recent, formal experience in any of the following: data analytics data warehouse design, architecture etl design, development in-depth understanding of data warehouse design principles and techniques.
strong analytical and problem solving skills.
efficient use of business software like excel, word, and powerpoint must demonstrate effective time-management skills and comply with project deadlines.
strong communication skills.
desired experience: 5+ years of recent, formal experience in any of the following: data analytics for any software package pharmacy or medical software design 1+ years of in-store pharmacy experience, technician or pharmacist, certified pharmacy technician experience with agile software development and the scrum methodology.
liaise with other team members and departments to determine project needs and requirements.
minimum of 3- 5 years of experience data mining and analytics, building models with very large, complex and multi-dimensional data sets.
experience with predictive modeling techniques and accomplished in use of r or python machine learning and related modules.
expert in relational databases, sql data carpentry.
experience with big data technologies such as spark or nosql dbs, columnar databases like vertica a plus.
experience with data visualization tools, tableau preferred.
excellent communication skills, with a proven track record of working across various disciplines of an organization - having the information is one thing, you must be able to disseminate and educate.
demonstrated expert communication, facilitation, and collaboration skills to effectively present, explain, influence, and advise within cross-functional teams.
basic programming experience with c++ in large code bases a plus.
strong database, analytical skills with t-sql, sql.
advanced excel skills.
virtuosity is looking for a strong individual with great business support and t-sql experience for one of our clients based in redmond, wa.
perform business support duties, including interfacing with various systems, ensuring data quality, and responsibility for daily, weekly, and monthly slas.
implement business controls and perform audits to ensure data quality.
ensure all system enhancements and, or bug fixes meet both business and operating objectives, serviceability, agility and maintainability, thru pre-production user acceptance testing.
work within and comply with strict timelines, supporting a financial month-end close process and, or software development, upgrade release cycles.
strong understanding of relational databases and strong t-sql, sql server skills and bi tools.
t-sql querying skills must be hands on and recent.
strong excel skills including hands on, recent work using pivot tables and formulas including vlookup.
strong communication skills, good customer service experience and willingness to put the customer first.
the business systems group is a part of commercial data warehouse.
provide monitoring and support for the intake and export of data, perform data quality checks and report issues or delays with data deliverables to internal data team, identify potential issues with data quality working with team to resolve.
work with data team on various projects such as testing, validation of new data; work with commercial reporting team to develop new tableau reports for data tracking.
work with commercial reporting and data teams to develop tableau reports used for pharmacy payments.
proficiency with microsoft office, excel, access, word, and outlook.
experience with database management and process documentation.
experience with tableau.
experience with sql queries.
professional business writing and good communication skills.
the data analysis team provides.
advanced analytics, data visualization, survey design and development, programming and statistical support to research studies.
you will work closely with limra’s research project directors on project design, as well as data collection, analysis, reporting, and visualization.
this position will be responsible for understanding the needs of each project, selecting the appropriate analytical tools, and applying the established best practices to your work.
in addition, you will maintain various research databases, analysis systems, and visualization dashboards.
in addition, you will have responsibility within data processing, statistical analysis and data visualization and survey design and development.
required qualifications, bachelors degree or higher in a quantitative discipline, or an equivalent combination of education and experience, proficient in microsoft suite, word, excel, powerpoint.
experience with sas, sql, r, python or similar statistical and database tools.
good written and oral communication skills.
actuarial or statistics background.
experience with tableau or other data visualization tools.
as a company built on the foundation of privacy by design, for more than 20 years neustar’s unique capabilities have made us the leader in the field of responsible identity resolution.
neustar enables trusted connections between companies and people at the moments that matter most, with world-class and industry leading solutions in marketing, risk, communications, security and registry services.
you will develop expertise at the intersection of big data, marketing, and consulting.
our work is not just about delivering a project and moving on to the next challenge.
in our neustar proprietary analytics platform implement multi-touch attribution models, mta, and marketing mix models, mmm, that are based on statistics, econometrics, and, or machine learning techniques such as logistic regression, choice model, time-series model, panel data model, bayesian statistics, ridge regression, structural equations, probability theory, clustering algorithms, etc.
analyze big data sets to generate deep insights on paid media, organic media, market conditions, web navigations, and individuals’ propensities on multi-step conversion activities in the consumer journeys.
validate model results and package them into insightful client-friendly reports on roi analysis, forecasting, simulation and optimization.
familiarity or interest in data analytics and, or statistical concepts such as marketing mix modeling, digital attribution modeling, multivariate regression, time-series modeling, bayesian statistics, segmentation modeling, machine learning, data mining, simulation, optimization, forecasting, and roi analysis.
working knowledge of excel, sql, r, and python or similar.
bachelor’s degree, required, with mathematical or engineering background: statistics, data mining, operations research, econometrics, finance, engineering or similar.
neustar offers industry-leading solutions in marketing, risk, communications, security and registry that responsibly connect data on people, devices and locations, continuously corroborated through billions of transactions.
present data in excel, powerpoint, and adobe; ensuring that data is presented professionally and with the end-user in mind.
proficient computer skills, adobe, excel, and power point are needed to provide reports and presentations.
strong microsoft office skills will be required, specifically advanced microsoft excel skills.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
help with budgeting and strategic planning for these businesses.
expert-level sql and excel skills are required.
significant experience using data visualization, bi software, tableau, power bi, is required.
specifically, tableau experience is a plus.
brilliant communication skills and ability to explain complex ideas clearly to a nontechnical audience.
bachelor’s degree in business, statistics, operations research, economics, computer science or a related field is required.
support technical and business testing as a member of development project teams.
provide support to data quality and data governance efforts through analysis of data and assisting in understanding the meaning of data.
experience in creating dashboards with data quality key performance indicators, kpis.
connecting, wrangling, and cleaning data from relational, columnar, or hadoop databases using sql, python, r, or other tools to make data consumable for analysis.
documenting data entity relationships in a tool such as excel, erwin, etc. analyzing data to obtain new insights that will lead to improved efficiencies, lower cost, or reduced business risk.
you may be using excel, sas, python, r, sql, hql and other tools.
you may be able to visualize your results using data visualization tools to make your conclusions more understandable to your audience.
analyzing the statistical relationship of data to a problem to be solved using sql, python, or r. determine new and creative sources of data and then determining the comparative strength of the relationship to the problem after the new data is applied.
training or degree in data analysis, data engineering or statistical modeling.
experience in exploratory data analysis and how data analysis fits into an analytic lifecycle desired.
relevant it or other technical experience in data analysis, mapping, logical and physical data modeling preferred.
• engage on the development of a data governance process, procedures and guidelines, ensuring integration with information technology processes and policies.
• perform data analysis to measure and enforce high data quality standards.
participate in internal and external testing of cat.
• troubleshoot issues to mitigate and resolve data quality concerns.
• 3-5 years experience in a technology or data management role.
excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.
• experience working with data mining and analytics technology solutions.
we are strengthening our data-driven decision making strategy so that we can enable our customers to use our apps more effectively and efficiently and we can create new business opportunities, optimize current initiatives and produce actionable insights by taking inferential and void-of-bias business decisions.
the ideal candidate will possess data engineering background and an appetite of serving the business needs by extracting the meaningful insight from big data.
candidate should be very comfortable writing queries, scripts in kusto, cosmos and sql.
ability to extract, transform, join and project data from diverse sources like kusto, cosmos, sql server, flat files.
create, publish and manage power bi reports, dashboards connecting to various data sources.
ensure privacy and compliance guidelines while dealing with customer data.
candidate should have expertise integrating this data into power bi, no visualization expertise required.
bachelor’s degree+ in statistics, math, computer science or related field.
3+ years in an analytical field, data engineering, analytics, business intelligence and reporting or other relevant area.
2+ years of experience building power bi reports including data import, transformations, mapping.
1+ year of writing queries in sql server.
perform quantitative research and data analytics and derive insights from complex data.
sets on the consumer behaviors using statistical techniques in sql and python; work.
and record, organize and manage the large amount of information collected; research.
; analyze and interpret the data analysis results to help.
required skills, 2+ years experience as a data analyst s required, experience with sql queries is highly desired.
must have strong communication and collaboration skills.
job, project description.
company profile, beacon hill technologies, a premier national information technology staffing group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct, permanent, contract-to-direct and project basis.
it professionals to solve our customers technical and business needs, beacon hill technologies covers a broad spectrum of it positions, including project management and business analysis, programming, development, database, infrastructure, quality assurance, production, support and erp roles.
highly skilled at writing sql to query relational databases; knowledge of r or python is a plus.
strong communication and presentation skills.
degree in a quantitative field, statistics, economics, math, sciences, engineering.
we also have a culture of transparency that we carry through to email communication, ensuring that stripes all around the world have the information they need to make good local decisions.
we connect individuals to let them shop, get paid, donate and send money using today’s technology with the confidence that comes from the security and control paypal enables.
innovate and implement large-scale quality improvements to processes and, or systems by conducting data analysis and making recommendations, troubleshooting technical issues, and refining processes around customer support.
graduated, or will be graduating, with a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, math, statistics or related field.
experience with one or multiple of the following will be highly desirable; python, java, tableau, jupyter notebooks, teradata, hadoop, hive, oracle, javascript, sql, airflow, linux, perl, php.
excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms.
strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to translate complex problems into simpler terms, and effectively influence both peers and senior leadership.
we are seeking an experienced data analyst with experience using tableau business intelligence tools to design and guide the development of innovative and interactive reports, dashboards, and visualizations.
the successful candidate will be a motivated self-starter with the ability to communicate detailed reporting requirements to the teams in a fast-paced environment on a large-scale, high-profile government project.
experience using multiple data visualization tools to build and publish customized interactive reports, data visualizations, and executive, summary level dashboards, that integrate many sources of data.
required experience in tableau desktop and tableau server.
preferred experience across multiple data visualization tools and analytics tools.
participate in strategic and tactical planning discussions, interface with management, gather requirements to deliver complete data analysis and visualization reporting solutions.
ability to convert business requirements into meaningful and explanatory visualization.
create mock-up layout design and wireframes using visualization features available in tableau and other internally provided tools.
create dashboards and reports with tableau parameter, association, action and math concepts.
outstanding communication skills, verbal and written, attention to detail.
\xa0\xa0you will be responsible for the entire end to end analytics solution, from backend data engineering, manipulation, and cleansing, to front-end data visualization.
\xa0\xa0you will be responsible for the entire end to end analytics solution, from backend data engineering, manipulation, and cleansing, to front-end data visualization.
at least 3 years of experience as an analyst working with alteryx for data manipulation and etl. experience working with a relational database, sql, oracle, etc.
familiar with data visualization tools like tableau.
problem solving and analytical experience.
business development.
as our team supports new applications and reporting needs at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional data analyst to complete data analysis in data warehouse, data ingestion for data lake, new, modified application support, and data access requests.
the data analyst will provide technical expertise in data definition writing, data security access, and data profiling for data quality rules and ingestion for the data lake.
experience in analyzing large, complex, multidimensional datasets with data querying languages, sql.
experience in profiling data for data quality rule creation.
strong data querying in sql server and oracle and knowledge of oracle metadata tables.
experience with both structured and unstructured data, and hadoop or similar technologies to generate insights.
familiarity with tools such as spark, kafka, storm, etc, and cloud services like aws, azure cloud.
ability to use best practices and principles in sql, query design, data validation, automation, and analytic functions.
must have a good understanding of differences between various database architectures and implementations, such as oracle, postgres, db2, sql server, and, or ms access.
technical skills: agile, devops, operational reports, analytics, big data, informatica data quality and data catalogue.
the ideal candidate will use their passion for analytics to provide insights to the business by conducting hands-on data analysis and validation, and build machine learning models to analyze data for patterns, features and clusters.
conduct hands-on data analysis and validation, designing, developing, and deploying self-service reports, scorecards, predictive models and dashboards based on internal and external data.
build machine learning models to analyze data for patterns, features and clusters.
build ai, ml programs, algorithms to generate predictive models.
works closely with the a, b testing team to support the program through analysis and reporting of a, b testing results and optimization initiatives.
work closely with the product teams to provide data on product usage, segment clients based on usage to influence product design.
deep working experience in digital analytics, reporting tools, data governance and management.
3+ years of sql scripting experience.
2+ years of data visualization with tableau or similar tools.
2+ years of solid python experience.
2+ years working with artificial intelligence, machine learning modeling.
this role is responsible for providing analytic support, which includes data collection, trending, analytics, reporting and forecasting functions to ensure data integrity.
- write sql queries and use sql tools to access, summarize, manipulate and capture member, claim, provider and other stakeholder data.
- develop new reports and report templates to support business needs by utilizing various reporting tools and data mining techniques.
- develop, implement, and maintain consistent processes for data quality controls to ensure data integrity and make recommendations to improve data integrity.
- research, gather, prepare, and substantially edit reports, graphics and other materials.
- may represent department on project teams and process optimization efforts that require analysis, interviews, procedure design, documentation and implementation.
- work collaboratively with customers to complete effective needs analyses to successfully provide analytic support and problem solving assistance to business areas.
- 3 years of experience with data analysis and preparation including use of statistical methods and experience with very large data sets using sql, sas, python, r or other programming language.
bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, economics or related quantitative field.
buoy leverages artificial intelligence – powered by advanced machine learning and proprietary granular data - to resemble an exchange you would have with your favorite doctor – to provide consumers with a real-time, accurate analysis of their symptoms and help them easily and quickly embark on the right path to getting better.
you will help shape our nascent analytics function, and have a hand in helping to define our analytics schemas, as well as business intelligence, bi, tool plan.
write and iterate on complex sql queries to create datasets and reports.
automate reporting to answer common questions, preferably using python.
play a vital role in helping us define and execute against our bi strategy.
work with leadership and project teams to define, codify and report on kpis.
strong sql experience, and familiarity with python.
excellent communication skills a must.
familiarity with one or more bi tools like looker, tableau, mode, quicksight, superset or similar.
worked with an aws environment.
knowledge of agile methodology.
you will work closely with marketing, sales, editorial and product to deliver insights and recommendations to fuel brand growth strategy and tactics by using statistical analysis and data mining techniques.
work as part of a centralized analytics and research team on quantitative and qualitative research to understand brand content and product resonance, audience interests, and ongoing audience insights.
mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research.
create models, simulations, and optimization routines.
data acquisition using sql and python from sources like oracle, twitter, google, linkedin, public databases, facebook, and google analytics.
tableau and excel for data exploration and presentation.
r, rapidminer, mysql, oracle, excel, and other tools for data mining using techniques like scenario modeling, pattern detection, a, b testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, utilization of ensembles, and other types of analysis a plus.
understanding of digital marketing, consumer research, and the overall digital landscape.
strong written and oral communication skills.
bachelor’s degree in business analytics, market research, business, advertising, marketing, statistics, psychology, sociology or related field, or equivalent experience.
experience, either through academic work, projects, internships, previous work experience, in quantitative and qualitative market research, political polling, consumer insights, brand management or other related work.
the data analyst primary objective is turning project requirements into custom-formatted data reports.
providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining and data cleansing.
knowledge of predictive modeling and analytics.
functions, execute all aspects of the ucd data analysis process per rosen policies and.
intermediate microsoft office skills, particularly microsoft word and excel.
strong communication skills - both written and verbal.
amp analytics collaborates with partners across product, design, engineering, and business teams: our mission is to drive innovation at apple through deep quantitive research of the app store, apple music, apple tv, apple books and apple podcasts among other services.
3+ years of experience in a data visualization, data scientist, or data analyst role, preferably for a digital subscription business.
strong proficiency with sql-based languages.
experience with large scale analytics technologies such as hadoop and spark preferred.
proficiency with data visualization tools such as tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation.
you have good communication, social and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail.
closely partner with our data science team to develop global bi dashboards, data pipelines, sophisticated security controls, and scalable ad-hoc reporting.
engage with product, business, engineering, and marketing teams to capture requirements, influence end-state way we make decisions, and craft world class bi tools to support those partners.
you will partner with data engineering and data science to craft our data infrastructure investments in support of bi needs.
minimum of a bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, engineering, economics or related field.
communication, is key to our process, and we dont want to hinder it with walls.
bi-weekly knowledge shares.
strong communication skills, particularly in explaining complex topics to technical, non-technical, advanced, novice audiences alike.
statistics, probability- experience with building simple probabilistic models, simulations, and other computational techniques to run statistical analyses.
experience with scripting languages, python, ruby, for orchestration, data manipulation as well as building data product prototype, shiny.
sql experience - experience in transactional and data warehouse environments using mysql, amazon redshift, or other database systems.
computer and network security
working with various groups across kdp as your stakeholders, you will apply machine learning principles, predictive modeling techniques and statistical analyses to provide insights about our consumers like never before, directly driving key product and business decisions.
define and design an analytics infrastructure, inclusive of clickstream and visualization platforms, to clearly represent captured data and insights to stakeholders across the broader organization.
work with the data engineering team to ensure maximum data integrity through application of persistent cleansing, quality assurance practices.
partner with advanced engineering to tune and improve robustness of machine learning models for maximum accuracy and efficiency by maintaining master-image databases and visualizing performance.
visualization and bi platforms including powerbi, tableau, looker, etc.
a, b testing.
structured programming languages such as sql, python, r, etc.
experience working with jira and confluence in an agile environment preferred.
work closely with the sales and business development teams to create and present insights and recommendations for internal and external audiences.
provide feedback to help improve our data collection systems.
3+ years experience of engineering, analysis, statistics, product operations or equivalent experience; experience with saas and hardware product analytics.
3+ years of sql, python, r or other mathematical programming languages experience with the ability to write complex sql queries and use business intelligence tools, grafana, splunk, tableau, powerbi.
3+ years building customer-facing analytics and possess a corresponding understanding of how to meet their needs and goals with data, bachelors degree in computer science, statistics or mathematics.
fluency in data analysis, including experimentation, data visualization, defining kpis, and communication around data to inform the success of product implementation.
proven track record working with new and unstructured data sets.
bi, data analyst.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0experience with query development and data management tools like plx.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0experience with creating effective data visualizations using tools like data studio and tableau.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0experience using flume java.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0backend: java.
·\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0apache spark, p2 - intermediate.
the candidate will work closely with colleagues across data and insights, marketing, media strategy, audience and insights, data engineering and data science who as a group love using data to drive business impact.
the analyst will collaborate with data and insights colleagues to deliver strategic analyses and recommendations, contribute to media mix modeling with python, help design and conduct digital experiments, and produce analytics tools that support our business and provide funding for our journalism.
this position requires an aptitude to learn and continue to build on new data analytics and programming skills, strong communication skills, and a strong sense of teamwork and collaboration across functions.
contribute to the design and measurement of new tactics and optimization recommendations deemed appropriate in furthering business unit objectives.
working with the experimentation team to determine effectiveness of interventions by conversion segments; contribute to testing design around key product attributes and their relationship to channel, platform and segment targeting.
intermediate-level programming or software development experience with python or other objective-oriented programming language.
our team uses a combination of tools including bigquery sql, google cloud platform, python, git, airflow, chartio and data studio for dashboards, among other tools.
undergraduate degree in a quantitative discipline, such as computer science, computer engineering, statistics, applied mathematics, data science or a similar quantitative field, is preferred.
familiarity with database querying with sql, google bigquery or another database environment.
strong communication skills – written and verbal.
as our team supports new applications and reporting needs at a rapid pace, we are looking for an exceptional data analyst to complete data analysis in data warehouse, data ingestion for data lake, new, modified application support, and data access requests.
the data analyst will provide technical expertise in data definition writing, data security access, and data profiling for data quality rules and ingestion for the data lake.
experience in analyzing large, complex, multidimensional datasets with data querying languages, sql.
experience in profiling data for data quality rule creation.
experience with both structured and unstructured data, and hadoop or similar technologies to generate insights.
familiarity with tools such as spark, kafka, storm, etc, and cloud services like aws, azure cloud.
ability to use best practices and principles in sql, query design, data validation, automation, and analytic functions.
must have a good understanding of differences between various database architectures and implementations, such as oracle, postgres, db2, sql server, and, or ms access.
outstanding communication and relationship building skills.
technical skills: agile, devops, operational reports, analytics, big data, informatica data quality and data catalogue.
strong data querying in sql server and oracle.
expert level in using excel.
knowledge in the sql server and oracle metadata tables.
agile methodology skills.
working within ar data analytics, the analyst will automate standard reporting and drive data governance and standardization.
he, she will support the leadership of the ar projects team in in performing project impact analysis, reporting, forecasting and planning, as well as project budgeting activities, this role is based in amazons hq2 in arlington, va, by working together on behalf of our customers, we are building the future one innovative product, service, and idea at a time.
design metrics and measurements that adequately measure process and business performance; define dataset requirements to the data engineering team.
define ar project impact metrics for platform features and new business launches, expansions and communicate to ar stakeholders.
organize information into compelling business cases for business process optimization and performance improvement.
support leadership in the budgeting, forecasting and planning activities through data gathering.
sql is a must.
tableau is a must.
advanced microsoft excel proficiency.
experience with analytics tools such as tableau, cognos, quicksight or similar.
project management skills.
proactive communication skills to cooperate with business partners ability to thrive under-pressure.
write sql queries and ad-hoc queries for data analysis and player insights.
ability to turn raw data sets into easy to understand, easy to consume visualization tools and dashboards to allow stakeholders to access and visualize kpis.
utilize communication skills and collaborative mindset to succeed in a team environment.
3-5 years of sql experience dealing with complex data sets.
2+ years of analytics experience creating dashboards and visualization tools.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer science, applied mathematics, economics, or a related discipline or equivalent experience.
experience in sql and programming for data analysis.
experience with tableau or powerbi for visualization preferred.
experience with python, r, or equivalent scripting languages preferred.
experience with redshift or equivalent data warehouse tech preferred.
experience working in scrum, agile environment a plus.
project data analyst.
project only hire.
we have an exciting opportunity for a project data analyst to join our team in rochester, ny.
works in a lead role to develop business intelligence and analytics solutions for projects, leveraging business intelligence tools as part of an overall data warehouse strategy.
business intelligence analyst with experience in data analytics development and metrics optimization.
works on end-to-end project data requirements, data collection and analysis and responsible for instituting new policies, procedures and programs from the ground up.
supports the project team by leading the design, creation and implementation of business intelligence models to make data accessible for practical use, with the end goal of maximizing project performance and increasing efficiency.
lead requirements gathering and development of project data analytics models.
in support of project requirements, design and implement machine learning data models.
full-stack data analytics software development to support project and, or client needs.
develop policies and procedures for data governance.
review files to ensure integrity of data collection and utilization.
implement new data analysis methodologies to meet project needs.
create, develop tools used to improve visibility and performance of the project.
defining new data collection and analysis processes.
data analytics modeling and software development.
machine learning data models.
proficient in ms excel, microsoft access, power bi.
problem solving.
communication and presentation skills.
advanced verbal and written communication skills.
advanced problem solving skills.
with every project comes the unique opportunity to showcase your skills.
must have strong sql experience.
as a daugherty employee you will work collaboratively with clients, developers, usability, and design experts, business analysts, and project managers to create world-class solutions.
noblis is looking for qualified junior data analyst with experience in discipline such as finance, information systems, data science, data analytics, network engineering, electrical or systems engineering, telecommunications, or operations research related field knowledge areas.
leverage data science and machine learning in business setting.
provide support to gsa and federal agency customers in network transformation, optimization, and modernization.
perform qualitative and quantitative data analysis for business intelligence and decision support using large datasets relevant to telecommunications and it infrastructure, including.
data mining and dashboard application development to extract granular business intelligence data from multiple data sources.
data visualization.
time series trend analysis and forecasting using simple, linear regression, and more advanced, seasonal-trend decomposition procedure based on loess, stl, prophet, statistical methods.
create expert level analytical intelligence dashboard reports that include network traffic and cost analysis, cost estimates related to network transformation, modernization and optimization, cost and economic benefit analysis, and potential savings based on commercial-to-government cost or price comparison.
leverage data science and machine learning in business setting.
communication and interpersonal.
support meetings, inter-team communication, and issue resolution with the client and internal, project stakeholder groups; prepare for supporting project tasks at customer sites.
learn about the noblis business development lifecycle, processes, tools, and account structure.
a bachelor’s degree, or master’s degree, in a discipline such as finance, data science, data analytics, information systems, telecommunications, operations research, network engineering, electrical or systems engineering.
skills in data modeling, data mining, data extraction, transformation, and, or load, etl, of warehouse, reporting data using with sql, postgres database, ms access is required.
skills with web development and data analytics, visualization applications is desired.
knowledge of tableau, qlikview, power bi, python, r, or other relevant programming language is desired.
skills with machine learning and, or scripting is desired.
strong research skills and ability to sort, synthesize, analyze complex data from multiple sources.
excellent communication, collaboration, and presentation skill s. proven results-oriented problem-solving abilities.
applicants selected may be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
we support a wide range of government and industry clients in the areas of national security, intelligence, transportation, healthcare, environmental sustainability, and enterprise engineering.
proactive and hard-working individual with strong organization and communication skills.
lead reporting and data analysis projects independently from start to finish.
proficiency in sql beyond querying.
familiarity with or interest in programming beyond sql.
you have had, or are enthusiastic to acquire, exposure to using python for analysis and automation.
examples of tools are as follows, but not all required: chartio, tableau, looker, or mode.
skill in written, verbal, and visual communication of data to internal and external partners with diverse technical backgrounds.
problem solving skills and business judgment to ask the right questions, design the right analyses and dashboards, and translate output into actionable answers.
business development.
implement innovative quantitative analyses, try new data wrangling techniques, and experiment with new visualization tools.
possess excellent communication and presentation skills.
at least 2 years of experience with dashboarding tools like tableau or similar, periscope data is a plus.
at least 2 years of experience with sql, bigquery and mysql is a plus.
strong working knowledge of python, r, and, or d3 is a plus, bachelors degree in statistics, mathematics or similar.
must be proficient in microsoft word and excel.
ability to analyze complex information and use problem solving skills to determine appropriate solutions and necessary merges to protect the integrity of the empi.
excellent verbal and communication skills, strong customer service skills.
analyze health management programs including: data collection, validation and outcome measurement.
create and generate reports through ms-excel, ms-access, and sql using business objects interface and direct links to core databases, ods, edw.
2+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience.
advanced knowledge of business objects, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
2+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 1+ years of hedis data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted.
advanced knowledge of business objects, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
2+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 1+ years of related it experience, including data warehouse, coding or etl experience.
advanced knowledge of business objects, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
this position will help with data analysis and data visualization for internal as well as external stakeholders.
•\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0analyze the complex datasets and create models to interpret and predict trends or patterns in the data using time series analysis, forecasting, linear regression analysis.
•\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0collaborate with it and engineering to develop database structures and ensure the integrity of data in the data warehouse.
•\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0plan, design, and implement dashboards and data visualization in tableau to meet the needs of the organization.
•\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0use sql skills to work on projects involving the warehouse management system.
•\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0use advance excel skills to manage data in the warehouse management system.
+ year experience with sql and relational database design.
•\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0passion for using and learning new technology to streamline business processes, •\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0bachelors degree in information technology or related field, •\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0experience with data visualization tool such as tableau, powerbi etc.
job position data analyst ndash python.
tableau location richmond, va duration 1 year with possible contract to hire visa.
python, tableau, sql, databricks, aws.
data analytics coding skills in python client eco system data bricks ndash language of choice is python aws snowflake, one lake,
mysql postgres tableau python coding and tableau
bachelor’s degree in a related field of study, finance mathematics, accounting, economics, statistics or actuarial sciences, and two years of property casualty experience or analytical experience in a professional setting.
intermediate excel skills with knowledge of spreadsheet functionality including v-look-up, pivot tables, charts, graphing and macros.
intermediate level skills with business intelligence tools such as sql, sas, or python.
proven aptitude for learning and using data analysis reporting tools such as tableau.
this role will develop meaningful kpi reporting dashboards to support business unit decision-making and performance tracking and will also be asked to work on various ad-hoc analysis projects, develop conclusions supported by data and research, and present these findings to loot crates executive team, responsibilities.
work with team members from various departments to provide department-level advanced data analysis and reporting.
extensive experience in sql and data mining techniques in other programming tools, python, for analyzing large data sets.
experience in data visualization platforms, tableau, powerbi, looker.
advanced proficiency with microsoft excel.
detail oriented with strong communication and presentation skills.
degree in computerscience, statistics, data science, business or other quantitative field is preferred.
2+ years of experience in data management, business administration, product development, marketing, customer service.
strong communication skills and the ability to work with all levels of the business, employees, consultants, and contractors.
as a data analyst, you will have the responsibility of data collection, analysis, storage and governance as well as developing processes to identify, communicate and resolve data quality issues within the company.
design and create data governance processes, mechanisms to monitor data integrity on an ongoing basis.
work with the team to leverage machine learning and other automation techniques to perform data governance.
establish the process for data quality maintenance.
design and implement standardized reports to ensure prompt communication to the stakeholders.
recommend steps to improve data quality.
implement and document best practices for data management.
ensure continuous learning related to data management through courses, conferences, webinars etc.
3+ years of experience as a data analyst or business analyst, bachelors degree, preferably in computer science, information systems, business analytics, or mathematics, proficient with databases: oracle, postgresql, pl, sql, sql.
proficient with linux: basic operations, cronjobs, listeners, shell scripts.
advanced fluency in ms office, particularly in ms excel.
knowledge of basic statistics, data analysis and visualization.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
experience with ms excel vba.
knowledge of one or more programming languages like python, r, java, scala.
exposure to big data.
the ideal candidate will use their passion for big data and analytics to provide insights to the business covering a range of topics.
qualifications, bachelors degree in business analytics, statistics, applied mathematics or equivalent experience.
1 - 2 years data analysis experience, proficient in sql.
expertise w, data visualization tools such as power bi, tableau, python,
you will use your r skills to quickly dive through our data, weed out the randomness and find the true signal.
interpret consumer research studies and help guide the business strategy based on the results.
work cross-functionally to understand and elevate the analytics functions of experience development, business development, consumer marketing strategy, margin optimization, etc.
highly comfortable with both sql and r to extract, manipulate, and analyze data.
strong background in statistics.
natural curiosity -- asking the next question and seeking to understand at the nuanced level to spark a new idea.
we are currently seeking a talented and motivated compliance and operational risk testing analyst lead for our data and analytics anti-money laundering, aml, function at any of our locations or work at home.
as a member of the second line of defense, the compliance and operational risk testing analyst executes independent testing under the enterprise testing program methodology to ensure departmental processes and activities comply with applicable rules, regulations, policies and procedures.
provides input on allocation of resources to complete testing activities.
builds, develops, and maintains relationships with the business and internal control partners, audit, risk and compliance, legal, to facilitate collaboration between all lines of defense for testing.
minimum requirements, bachelors degree or 4 additional years of related experience beyond the minimum required may be substituted in lieu of a degree, 8 or more years of relevant work experience, internal, external audit, operational risk, compliance testing, quality assurance.
advanced knowledge of testing techniques and data analysis principles, as well as the ability to interpret subsequent results.
advanced knowledge of microsoft office tools to include word, excel and powerpoint.
6 or more years experience in the data analytics, management or information technology function, bachelors degree in math, computer science, or a related field, sql skills.
the common capabilities function is a part of the css chief-of-staff organization and integrates the below business office pillars supporting all of the css products.
citi shared services, css, is a global organization of over 4, 000 employees that supports the global functions with products including finance and risk shared services, frss, human resources shared services, hrss, and business and travel shared services, btss.
leading product-wide reporting initiatives for frss such as monthly operating reports, scorecards, and other css strategic priorities initiatives and providing additional centralized reporting support to other css products.
driving adoption of tools and technology including power bi to deepen analytics and reporting insights.
utilizing reporting and analytics to support leadership in providing guidance to css senior management.
partnering with other css business, especially eioandt, and communicate and help drive strategic initiatives downstream to css. qualifications.
excellent organizational, communication, negotiation and influencing skills.
especially power bi.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, 3lm2lgackr.
putting forth cohesive business architecture story across various functions through design thinking.
experience working in cloud environment, azure preferred, aws and gcp experience is acceptable.
strong understanding of sql and nosql databases, ability to query data from disparate data sources.
expertise in r, python and sql.
excellent communication.
extensive experience with data visualization, preferably in powerbi.
5+ years advanced sql experience.
experience working with sas, r, python or tableau.
sas enterprise guide.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, ybwpzra6lk.
completes quantitative analysis and research to gain more in-depth understanding of trends.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, life sciences, or related field, s. at least 2 years’ experience with data analysis.
experience using microsoft software tools, excel, powerpoint, word, and access.
basic knowledge of sql a plus, but not required.
demonstrated problem solving, analytical and strong customer service skills.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, uoeyi4xv0m. seniority level.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, vncax1tjst.
must have strong sql and ability to pull insights from data.
heavy in python and r. \xa0.
accpeting all applications and will consider all visas that do not require sponsorship at any point of the project.
participate in data governance, dasc, and other meetings as assigned by director of business analytics.
1-3 years experience with data management and data processing techniques, etl and combining desperate data sources.
experience working with sql server reporting and analysis services, and business intelligence software, power bi or tableau preferred.
working knowledge of programming languages, i. e. python and microsoft t-sql.
pc skills in ms office, excel advanced level.
data analyst, sql, ssis, ssas.
research and analyze report results identifying opportunities and trends.
ability to be a self-starter, motivated, energetic worker with an interest in learning the healthcare system or other bi software.
proficiency with ms office, including excel, word and powerpoint.
good verbal and written communication skills.
good interpersonal and problem solving skills, ability to abide by clients policies, maintain regular attendance based on agreed-upon schedule.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, fqfnmzraql.
responsible for creating and maintaining customer requested metrics and reports along with data analysis to identify issues, trends.
monitor system operability and respond to vulnerabilities as required in accordance with dod security technical implementation guidelines.
must have demonstrated strong project management, strong written and verbal communication skills.
seeking a data analytics engineer to join our bi team.
designs and develops complex database structures to be used by bi tools.
net application development teams to ensure seamless integration of bi solutions within the web-based application.
collaborates with other technical teams, devops, database, qa testers, analysts, to ensure successful delivery of projects from testing to integration to deployment using an agile approach.
proficient knowledge ms sql queries, stored procedures, and t-sql.
basic knowledge of sql ssis and ssrs.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
background in data warehouse design and data mining.
2+ years of experience with bi tools, preferably power bi, tableau and qlik.
basic knowledge of professional software engineering and best practices for full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, continuous deployments, testing and operational excellence.
ms sql server, database development, bi development, and, or data management and analytics.
work authorization, security clearance.
security clearance not required at the time of hire but must be willing to obtain asap.
, you will be responsible for design and implementation of a data governance program for equities transactional lifecycle data.
this is an excellent opportunity to build out a framework and governance program within an established team within the investment bank.
the role will enable you to develop relationships with key members of our product and technology teams, as well as working with the respective control functions in developing a robust and sustainable data governance framework.
role description • engage on the development of a data governance process, procedures and guidelines, ensuring integration with information technology processes and policies.
• perform data analysis to measure and enforce high data quality standards.
participate in internal and external testing of cat.
• troubleshoot issues to mitigate and resolve data quality concerns.
• 3-5 years experience in a technology or data management role.
excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.
• experience working with data mining and analytics technology solutions.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, obtr2xlanl.
find actionable strategic insights through funnels, cohort analyses, user segmentation, retention analyses and regression models to help us grow our products.
work with engineering and product to implement, qa, and monitor our logging and metrics, regularly report findings and ongoing kpis to marketing to provide visibility into campaign performance and assist in campaign optimization, requirements.
ba, bs in computer science, math, economics, statistics, or other quantitative fields.
a solid grasp of common statistical methods and applications, a, b testing, probability, regression.
expert experience pulling large and complex data using sql.
experience with a data visualization tool, mode analytics, chartio, tableau.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
experience with marketing analytics, attribution, forecasting.
experience working with very large data sets and distributed computing, hive, hadoop, mapreduce.
familiarity with r or python is a plus.
relational database theory and practice with ms access and sql server, including import, export, table design and build, query and view building, sql language, t-sql including stored procedures and functions.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, glidbttivc.
this team will empower sales, marketing, research and product teams with analytical solutions and data science models that support the team’s goal to help enhance the concert going experience of millions of music fans by connecting them with world-class brands.
you keep a lookout for new techniques and methods for data analysis and are excited at the prospect of using modern techniques in machine learning and neural networks to solve business problems.
you are a quick learner and can adapt quickly in a fast and agile environment.
you’ll work closely with the product and marketing research team to help drive strategy and execution.
help with development of dynamic reporting and visualization solutions.
assist in exploratory analysis to support thought leadership and marketing research.
interface with research vendors, diagnose and recommend methodologies, provide recommendations on partner selection and manage vendor relationships.
show initiative to solve business problems using modern data analysis techniques.
strong skills in data extraction, analysis, and visualizations, sql, python and r. ability to work in a matrixed and decentralized organization.
experience in working with unstructured data spanning multiple disparate sources.
a quick learner, who can iterate and adapt to the needs of the business in an agile fashion.
strong organizational, prioritization and communication skills.
master’s degree in quantitive fields such as business, economics, engineering, mathematics, or statistics is a plus.
research.
market research.
research and learn new tools and platforms.
hands-on experience in executing analysis using tools such as sql, r, python, excel, tableau and google analytics.
ba, bs in computer science, mathematics, operations research, physics, or other technical field.
incumbent will be responsible for data analytics, within an agile data science team, to improve customer experience and inform business strategy.
working with the product owner, develop user stories to define research plan using agile methodology.
communicate clearly and effectively with business users and agile teams through all phases of the development life cycle.
research and troubleshoot problems and questions related to deployed analytic solutions.
maintain knowledge on the latest data, requires a bachelors degree in statistics, finance, operations research, applied math, computer science or related quantitative field from an accredited university or college, proficient in sql and structured databases; familiarity with unstructured big data analysis.
basic knowledge of advanced statistics, data manipulation, and research methods preferred.
experienced in bi data visualization tools, microstrategy, tableau.
support information security and cyber threat management programs responding to cyber incidents while working in a multiple-team environment.
serve as first escalation point for security investigations and provide oversight for tier
assist in escalated computer security incidents and cyber investigations including computer forensics, network forensics, root cause analysis and malware analysis.
interface with other teams in information security, network operations, cyber threat operations center, ctoc, vulnerability management, along with information and liability risk officers and technology management to help guide cyber security strategy.
work with team members to enhance and enrich security monitoring tools with contextual information.
broad knowledge of general it with a focus area in two or more of the following areas: operating systems, networking, computer programing, web development or database administration.
demonstrated advanced knowledge of cyber security operations with a focus area in two or more of the following: attack surface management, security operations center, soc, operations, intrusion detection, intrusion prevention systems, ids, ips, security information and event management, siem, use, threats, including advanced persistent threat, apt, insider, vulnerabilities, and exploits; incident response, investigations and remediation.
foundational knowledge of processes, procedures and methods to research, analyze and disseminate threat intelligence information.
ongoing passion for learning about information security through self-education.
critical thinking and problem solving skills.
proven communication skills, both written and verbal, to both business and technology audiences.
industry certifications in cyber security and forensics, such as certified ethical hacker, ceh, giac security essentials, gsec, cisco certified network associate, ccna, giac certified intrusion analyst, gcia, giac certified incident handler, gcih, certified information systems security professional, cissp, security + and other related credentials.
security operations center, soc, or network operations center, noc, experience.
dignari’s consultants work on-site with the leadership of federal agencies to develop solutions and provide services focused on solving complex and high-profile national security issues.
\xa0\xa0dignari is seeking to expand its delivery team supporting the u. s. department of homeland security, dhs, customs and border protection, cbp, with data analytics.
\xa0\xa0representative types of analytical work may include:\xa0\xa0component and program financial analysis; program cost-benefit analysis; analysis of us entry-exit biometrics data; analysis of us international trade enforcement; analysis of investments in border security solutions; and requirements development for data systems, cbp leadership will use the outputs of these analyses when making financial and operational decisions in meeting its mission to safeguard americas borders.
\xa0\xa0services include problem identification, scoping, data discovery, data collection, data cleansing, data preparation, model development, statistical analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis, gap analysis, and forecasting.
tools and software include, but is not limited to, advanced use of excel, toad, power bi, tableau, qlik.
work with structured and unstructured data, and develop sql queries to extract large data sets from source databases.
highly proficient in data analysis using excel.
self-starter with strong desire to apply data analytics to real-world national security issues.
existing cbp or dod ts security clearance.
masters degree in applied math, statistics, or other similar discipline.
proficient in use of jira or other similar task, project management software.
proficient in sql, python, toad or other similar programming language or database tools.
proficient in r, sas, spps, matlab, arcgis or other similar analytical software.
advanced user for powerbi, qlik, tableau or other similar bi, visualization software.
one of the most established asset management firms is looking to bring additional data analysts to their growing data management team.
with over $20 billion aum, you will have the opportunity to work with one of the leading hedge funds in the industry, as well as be able to work directly on the trading floor alongside your team, as well as be key contributor to data management projects across the firm.
at least 2 years of professional experience as a data analyst or bi analyst.
proficiency using excel, sql, bloomberg ect.
develop an understanding for security attributes and their impact across departments and firm functions.
the data and reporting analyst will conduct research and analysis that recommends solutions for effective process, program and, or fiscal decisions of business units.
utilize databases and information systems to research and identify areas for improvement and, or new products.
maintain detailed knowledge of department function, s, and in areas of workflow and system data management.
maintain working knowledge of our policies and procedures regarding the bank secrecy act, regulation cc, regulation e, bank security and other regulations that apply to your position.
1-3 years of related business experience with emphasis in information systems controls or data management.
advanced knowledge of business analysis, business management data systems, it risk management, project management and technical problem resolution.
advanced in database management, data mining, performance metrics and reporting, vendor management, change management and report writing.
statistical analysis: descriptive statistics and exploratory data analysis.
technical expertise with automatic data collection and reporting systems, including capacity for program troubleshooting and system controls.
high proficiency in microsoft access, including vba, sql, tableau, and, or alteryx is preferred.
we maintain a drug-free workplace and may perform pre-employment substance abuse testing.
the data analyst is responsible for data management, analyzing performance, identifying problems, and developing recommendations that support logistics and distribution operations.
performs data management through a combination of data mining, data modeling, data analysis, cost, benefit analysis and, or problem analysis; while executing day to day processes related to area of responsibility.
applies problem solving methodologies and corrective actions to close gaps and ensure best in class operational performance, 14.
• business communication:
writes, speaks, and presents clearly and succinctly across a variety of communication settings and adjusts communication style to the audience by translating and articulating technical concepts to non-technical groups.
• delivers results: demonstrates a clear bias for action and a sense of urgency on priorities.
• proficient in: microsoft office suite including access, l, powerpoint, project, word and visio.
• advanced skills in: excel, access, sql, visual basic skills for data acquisition and analysis.
manual integration data analyst responsibilities include conducting investigating the source and root cause of client concerns, maintenance, improving, automating current manual technical support asks, checking and validating assumptions, proposing solutions, and implementing these solutions, typically through use of sql scripts.
qualifications, requirements, bachelors degree in information management, healthcare information, computer science, mathematics, statistics, or equivalent combination of related experience, working experience as a data analyst, business data analyst, programmer, or a demonstrated aptitude for the role.
as a data analyst, you will be working with the team to support the deployment, reporting and analysis of algorithms used to buy, sell, allocate, forecast and deliver advertising on the internet and tv.
you will contribute to bleeding-edge solutions through the application of mathematics, optimization, and machine learning capabilities.
qualified individuals will have a solid background in the fundamentals of data engineering, data science, computer science or statistics, along with experience and comfort accessing and manipulating data.
execute research that results in ground-breaking papers and case studies that support the needs of the sales and marketing functions.
a bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline, such as computer science, statistics, mathematics, industrial engineering, mechanical engineering.
experience with statistical software, python, r. experience with data engineering tools used to access, merge, transform and evaluate data sources, sql.
experience with data frameworks, spark, pig.
experience with modeling concepts, such as training, test paradigm, validation of models, and knowledge of modeling techniques, linear and logistic regression, decision trees, etc.
create and analyze reports and coordinate data updates for data quality and consistency.
provide pdm data quality analysis, identify issuers, and implement corrective actions.
experience with microsoft office applications and sharepoint, as well as strong written and verbal communication skills.
research and support the launch of products and services with product, offer management.
leads efforts to collect, organize, and maintain datasets; under direction, conducts quantitative analysis and research to evaluate and report transit system performance; enables, supports, and encourages use of data and analysis in support of decision-making utilizing data visualization techniques; ensures work efforts and products are in alignment with industry best practices.
analysis: under direction, conduct quantitative analysis and research to evaluate and report performance in support of decision-making.
a bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer science, mathematics, planning, engineering.
three years progressively responsible experience managing and querying data in a relational database environment, such as oracle, pl, sql, sql server, t-sql, etc.
at least two years’ experience in applying quantitative methods of analysis and research in support of decision-making.
at least one year experience utilizing analytical tools such as tableau.
experience in leading teams or projects and applying project management methods and techniques.
principles and methods for analysis, research and evaluation; including statistical analysis techniques.
best practices related to data collection, processing, modeling, management, analysis, stewardship and reporting; including relational database theory.
project management methods and techniques.
conducting studies by applying the principles and methods of data analysis, research and evaluation.
ensuring that data, analysis, and research are organized, documented, and communicated in a way that they can be understood, interpreted, and acted upon effectively.
communicating complex technical information effectively using verbal, written and visual communication skills including public speaking.
adapting communication style to various audiences.
the use of computers and a variety of software including excel, word, outlook and sql.
identifying opportunities for creative problem solving while staying within the parameters of good practice.
transit technology as a data source for transit planning analysis and research.
your work will include synthesizing data in sql and collaborating with colleagues and clients to deliver polished reports in a timely manner; all while balancing multiple ongoing projects and dealing with competing priorities and deadlines.
deliver custom projects using sql, excel, or other software.
exposure to general technical applications or programming languages, sql, excel, stata, spss, access.
strong written and oral communication skills.
business development manager.
research analyst.
the data analyst will be a critical contributor to the team, focusing on deriving business outcomes from data, driving improvements in data quality, building out new proof of concepts, engaging and communicating analysis to cross-functional teams, and providing analytic and operational support to multiple areas.
capture and communicate findings within broader project structure; maintain healthy project management practices, including work plan development and tracking.
collaborative problem solving and working style to drive change through influence.
advanced skills with microsoft office suite of systems, particularly ms excel and ms access.
general knowledge of analytic tools, languages, sql, sas, r, python, and basic programming concepts and principles.
proficient in data visualization tools, power bi, tableau, qlik.
proficient in ms excel; able to convert raw data into meaningful formats for analysis.
good interpersonal and communication skills to work effectively with internal and external contacts.
will utilize various reporting tools and work with key stakeholders to help define project scope, identify data sources, and determine best methods to deliver results.
experience writing t-sql queries is required for this role, responsibilities.
work with the data analysis team to develop complex queries and data sources to gather and analyze data.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
experience with report development in programs such as excel, access, sql queries, tableau, ssrs.
familiarity with tfs, visual studio, ssms, t-sql.
job security.
we are looking for a data analyst that will be part of a growing, world-class team supporting our account management and site optimization groups.
as part of the business intelligence team, own and maintain the entire data warehouse, including tens of millions of events coming through a kafka queue each day, a 15 tb relational data warehouse, and integration with google bigquery, work in a cross-functional team and be the teams point person for any data related tasks, etling, analysis, visualizations, etc, monitor and analyze the team’s a, b tests and proactively communicate key insights within your team and to external stakeholders, be the voice of data by supporting the teams product owner in making data driven decisions and defining kpis, actively establish processes and build tools to make data more accessible to everyone.
use your knowledge of statistics to support the business intelligence team in building and maintaining machine learning models, logistic regressions, recurrent neural nets, etc, that drive a significant portion of our revenue.
solid mysql, sql experience or other related databases.
solid experience in excel for data analysis and visualization.
bs in mathematics, statistics, computer science, operations research, or similar fields.
good interpersonal communication and presentation skills.
reporting and business intelligence experience, tableau, qlikview, microstrategy, etc.
proficient in using statistical software, r, matlab, sas, etc.
knowledge of programming knowledge in a scripting language such as groovy, python, perl, or in a compiled language such as java or c. higher degrees such as masters or phd.
the imaging acquisitions are collected in support of research projects and clinical developmental studies.
experience with imaging data tools, may include: dicom toolkit, ideal toolkit, itk, matlab, osirix, or minc toolkit.
experience coding; shell scripting, python, r, or similar languages – utilize functionality to streamline incoming images and incoming data analytics capability.
experience with reviewing and organizing image data in a linux environment, using computer scripting.
doma has built an unparalleled development team focused on cloud application development delivering all aspects of the requirement gathering, design, development, testing, and deployment.
provides leadership team recommendations based upon data analysis.
conducts in-depth research to address challenging issues in measuring outcomes.
qualifications, bachelors degree from an accredited university in data science, statistics, mathematics, or related field, 5+ years of relevant experience in data analytics and, or statistical analysis.
strong communication, presentation, and writing skills, including the ability to work closely with customers and conduct high level meetings with clients.
strong communication and diplomacy skills are required.
significant impact in terms of project size, geography, etc.
4+ years in big data, hadoop and hadoop-ecosystems.
must have experience troubleshooting applications, jobs running on big data platform.
experienced in deployment and administration for different hadoop distribution for leading organizations, which deal with strong enterprise-scale solutions architecture and implementation.
experience with analytic or feature engineer programming, python or scala or java.
experience with big data cloud services on gcp and aws a plus.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
5-8 years experience using tools for statistical modeling of large data sets.
ability to effectively use complex analytical, interpretive and problem solving techniques.
demonstratedinterpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
leaders in automation, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, briq is delivering deep insights empowering construction professionals to drive better outcomes.
you will work closely with construction company executives, project managers, etl engineers, software development engineers, and product managers to produce reports and analyses that provide our clients with deep insights.
you are able to turn ambiguous business questions into clearly defined problem sets, research and develop quantifiable metrics, implement extract-transform-load, etl, processes, and deliver high quality results on time.
deliver project charters with timelines, milestones, and regular updates to clients through project management principles and techniques.
write sql queries to extract data from the data warehouse.
exercise extreme level of due diligence in regards to client data quality.
and you enjoy tackling challenges head on and innovative problem solving.
you hold at least a bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, or business with an analytics focus.
you succeed because you have strong project management skills and a combination of analytical skills, intellectual curiosity, creative problem solving, reporting acumen and strong technical skills.
you have some knowledge of sql, r, or python.
the candidate will be using sql and excel to troubleshoot and power bi for reporting.
design, build and deploy sql multi-table database queries.
strong data analysis skills and ability to identify patterns, anomalies and trends in data.
strong excel skills.
design, build and deploy sql database queries experiences are preferred.
kore1, a nationwide provider of staffing and recruiting solutions, has an immediate opening for a bi, data analytics analyst for our client in the glendale area.
design and develop tableau reports and dashboards.
provide operational support for existing tableau reports, dashboards.
provide subject matter expertise for designing of tableau workbooks.
participate in analysis, design, development, testing, deployment and support of dashboards and reports.
update sql scripts for dashboard datasets based on enhancement requirements.
experience using sql to perform data analysis and development required.
experience working with, creating tableau dashboards required.
strong data analytical and workproject organization skills expertise with excel, vba, python strong data analytical and workproject organization skills expertise with excel, vba, python.
the senior data analyst will support the data analysis needs of our client.
uses third party software tools and data warehouse in development of queries and visualizations.
creates data marts and other toolsets using the enterprise it architecture.
develops analytic data sets for operations and research and uses statistical software, sas or r, to analyze data sets.
demonstrated proficiency writing sql stored procedures or queries.
experience querying and analyzing data with sql programming language or equivalent tools.
expertise with business objects enterprise products, microsoft bi tools, tableau, or crystal report desired.
experience in statistical software, sas or r, with data science experience preferred.
the ideal candidate will be a problem solver with advanced knowledge of excel, vba and other systems like salesforce.
someone who enjoys data optimization and cleansing using formulas will do well in this role.
the data analyst will support our coo and his directs as needed with monthly financial reporting, forecasting, and other ad-hoc reporting in relation to operations, client services and logistics teams.
develop and\xa0implement\xa0data collection and data analysis systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
actively engage in development of business plan and budgeting process.
advanced ms excel knowledge including pivot tables, formulas and vba code, visual basis for application.
strong analytical skills related to working with unstructured data.
project management.
uses tableau, excel, or other tools to analyze data and produce professional and compelling charts, graphs, and reports.
supports informed decision-making through data analysis and manipulation.
satisfies ad hoc data requests using sql.
makes suggestions for improvements and additional value-added data project.
requirements, bachelors degree in management information systems, bi, statistics, mathematics, economics, computer science or another related field, 2-4 years of experience as a data analyst.
experience with relational databases and sql query writing.
experience using statistical or visualization packages for analyzing datasets, tableau or comparable.
strong excel skills.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
data mining experience desired, but not necessary.
\xa0to join the enterprise data services, eds, team under the direction of the manager of enterprise data management.
you will work closely with our enterprise business analysts and the data integration team to develop technical requirements and comprehensive solutions to extract data from multiple source systems or models, transform data according to business rules and master data management, work with the enterprise data governance team to assure attributes are properly governed and also loaded into operational and presentation models.
support all master data management, mdm, and operational reference data management, rdm, processes.
contribute to the development of a mature data stewardship process that feeds new attribute values out to business representatives on the enterprise data governance committee.
research data requests to determine availability, sourcing and fulfillment options.
work with business analysts to provide technical guidance and design for project and data requests.
perform root cause analysis on data quality issues.
monitor the state of data quality and work towards data improvement.
formulate business rules governing use of the data, including security and data life cycle management.
actively participate in team design reviews and co-operative project design initiatives.
work independently under the direction of enterprise data management leadership.
2+ years of sql experience.
experience with microsoft sql server, specifically sql server 2012, and, or oracle preferred.
2+ years data analysis, data stewardship or relevant work experience.
2+ years of business intelligence application delivery using the microsoft business intelligence stack, ssis, ssas, ssrs, sql server, a plus.
wish list: experience working on a project team using agile sdlc methodology.
translation of functional business requirements into operable solutions within the overall data architecture to provide the customer with a deep understanding of the data and how can use it to make informed decisions is a key task.
create and maintain issue logs, meeting minutes, meeting schedules, project summaries and updates.
bs degree in computer science, information management, math, statistics, or equivalent.
data analysis – must have proficiency with sql, microsoft excel.
strong communication and documentation skills.
poses technical skills relevant for sql, data modeling, schema design, data warehousing and business intelligence reporting tools, tableau.
experience with sql database tuning for optimal query performance with large data sets.
experience with python or similar programming, scripting languages.
reporting to the director, analytics based in new york, ny, the orchard has an immediate opening for a full-time technical data analyst, working on data modeling, analytics architecture, and the development of our set of internal bi tools.
sql expert.
familiarity with python or other scripting language.
familiarity with bi tools such as looker, tableau, etc.
organize and maintain existing code base in existing git repository.
with a comprehensive artist and label services offering including full-service marketing, sync licensing, comprehensive video services, transparent data analysis, advertising, rights management, digital and physical distribution and more, the orchard empowers creators and businesses to grow and adapt in the dynamic global industry.
maintain timely, accurate and complete documentation of all programs to support project reports and facilitate replication.
bachelor’s in statistics, psychology or a related discipline required.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
experience with sas and spss, programming and analysis, as well as work with epidemiologist, biostatistician in conduct of health service data manipulation highly desirable.
experience with oracle and, or excel
experience as a facilitator around data analysis and reporting is a plus.
e-verify is an internet based system operated by the department of homeland security, dhs, in partnership with the social security administration, ssa, that allows participating employers to electronically verify the employment eligibility of their newly hired employees in the united states.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, python, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
this position is primarily responsible for maintaining the big data case queue and ensuring sales and business development requests are handled within the prescribed sla.
the data analyst i will be assisting sales and business development groups at zayo by providing various analyses relating to zayo’s network and geographical data.
manage big data case queue while maintaining a 3-day sla.
use sql or microsoft access to create complex datasets across multiple tables in zayo’s salesforce warehouse.
bachelor’s degree or proficient knowledge in economics, applied math, statistics, information systems, computer science or other quantitative field.
intermediate to advanced level of sql and other programming languages.
strong understanding of using sql or microsoft access to pull and manipulate data from our warehouse.
experience with excel and powerpoint.
ability to understand and create charts, graphs, and data visualization models.
as the jr. data analyst, you will be responsible for utilizing python and r to perform sentiment analysis on patient data in the health care industry.
the junior data analyst will be responsible for writing python scripts to communicate results of patient journey data and create visualizations to present trends to client’s utilizing tableau, r studio and r shiny.
you will also utilize r to build statistical models and hadoop to wrangle in data from multiple data sources.
this is a great opportunity to be mentored and trained on new technologies in an agile environment.
’s degree in computer science, statistics or related field.
python and r. ·
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0ability to tell a data story through visualization tools such as tableau, r studio, and r shiny. ·
working within patient journeys and sentiment analysis.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0project experience with hadoop and, or pyspark is a huge plus.
\xa0 \xa0utilize python and r to perform analysis on patients’ interactions and journey experience.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0opportunity to receive training on niche technologies such as hadoop.
in this role, you will play a vital function in the successful hot fire testing of our rockets, which includes testing of monopropellant, bipropellant, and electric thrusters for various in-space applications.
70% - using ar developed software programs, process recorded data files in order to exhibit performance parameters for various models of ar products that are undergoing acceptance or development testing.
5% - support software related day of testing activities in control bay to verify real time performance of rockets
the successful candidate will be able to demonstrate, advanced math capabilities.
high level of excel capabilities including vba and excel programming.
should be capable of coordinating data collection and processing with engineering and test personnel during preparation and execution of the reduction process.
must be able to obtain a security clearance.
we apply the latest advances in technology - such as iot, ai, virtual reality, augmented reality, data analytics - to make quality assurance, regulatory affairs, clinical, pharma production and laboratory processes more effective and efficient for our clients.
in this role, you will deliver data analysis reports and recommendations to clients on how they can prepare for migration and improve data quality as well as develop templates and models used for data mapping and its methodology.
you will need to deliver data analysis and gap reports to the client for the remediation of data between source and target system.
sql, data entering and excel super user.
excellent, written and spoken, communication skills.
all this can be summarized in a recent statement from an employee: “nnit has excellent management and great communication with employees.
we supply it services to large enterprises, the public sector and the life science industry - customers that demand high levels of quality and security.
you’ll play a vital role in conceiving strategies for marketing strategies, market research and sales analysis.
validate data daily using external data and research, quantitative and qualitative.
proficiency in excel.
strong sql experience.
exposure to data visualisations and business intelligence tools, tableau, alteryx, power bi, qlikview, business objects etc.
exposure to or willingness to learn python, r, sas, stata, matlab.
computer and network security
this position requires an understanding of databases, sql, primary keys, relational integrity, and how to manipulate raw data sets, excel, csv, xml, json, etc.
excellent written and oral communication skills are a must in order to prepare concise recommendations, reports, and briefings to senior-level agency officials.
provide extensive analysis of master data, identify data quality vulnerability and provide recommendations to plan for data quality practice and management.
manage the team’s data governance projects.
use the team’s collaboration and project management tools to keep the team organized and continuously push forward projects.
evaluate and document system integrations, data flows, data models, data architecture, and understand how cross-functional, cross-studio and cross-subsidiary teams consume and activate master and content metadata to plan out data integration and data sharing environments.
collaborate with data governance teams to understand usage of tools and processes to assess needs, requirements and formulate technical designs and development of data governance tools to meet business needs.
collaborate with functional and solution architects and engineering teams to identify and implement improved application and process changes, as well as continuous integration with data governance tools for master data management needs.
4+ years of strong sql skills and ability to write complex queries across extensive data sets.
5+ extensive data analysis and business intelligence development.
expertise in business intelligence and reporting tools and capabilities, sap suite, google or adobe analytics, microstrategy, ibm suite, oracle suite, tableau, looker, qlik, sigma computing, microsoft power bi, etc.
expertise in relational and graph data warehouse solutions, cloud data warehouse preferred; google cloud suite, amazon web services suite, microsoft azure suite, snowflake, denodo, mongodb, marklogic etc.
extremely organized and strong knowledge of project management, team collaboration and documentation software, atlassian jira, confluence, trello, slack, etc.
requirement keywords: data governance analytics manager.
responsible for extracting data from multiple sources to create integrated datasets and reports addressing business and research questions.
may deliver training and may provide guidance or expertise to quality staff, may support sales and marketing in their efforts to acquire and retain customers, responding to rfps, request for proposal, quality presentations, request for measurement information, creates communication strategies and presentations for both internal and external customers to educate and address continuous quality improvement initiatives.
2 - 4 years of work experience in data analysis and retrieval that reflects a proven track record or proficiency in the competencies noted.
advanced excel knowledge.
general business - ensuring project discipline, general business - turning data into information.
desktop tool - te microsoft excel.
candidate privacy information, aetna takes our candidates data privacy seriously.
at no time will any aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information, social security number, credit card information for direct deposit, etc, from you via e-mail.
an integral part of nyu langone health, the grossman school of medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care.
this position will manage large data and execute ongoing analysis of research questions related to the food environment, eating and food purchasing behaviors.
the analyst will work in the department of population healths section on health choice, policy and evaluation, hcpe, a dynamic and active research group dedicated to determining the influence of public policy on health and health choices and advancing ways to make policies more effective.
a strong area of interest for the group is growing our capacity to use machine learning techniques to solve health problems.
import and clean raw datasets, monitor, evaluate and improve data quality, and create analytic datasets.
minimum qualifications, to qualify you must have a bachelors degree with 1-2 years relevant work experience in public health, economics, statistics, biostatistics, or related quantitative research field.
must be proficient in sql, preferably mysql.
proficiency with statistical software such as r, python or others.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience contributing to research or articles for peer review.
the data analyst will be responsible for creating reports in microsoft power bi, data analysis, and managing email marketing and marketing automation campaigns.
this is a “hands-on” position requiring solid technical skills, as well as excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
the successful candidate will be responsible for data analysis, profiling of incoming client data, driving our reporting and email marketing efforts, and p roviding key metrics in support of multiple development teams.
develop and deploy new microsoft power bi reports, manage gateways, and user permissions.
be good at using excel and manipulating data using formulas and pivot tables.
bachelor’s degree and a minimum of 2 years of professional work experience in a mid-sized or large corporate information technology environment dealing with reporting and data analysis.
bachelor’s or master’s degree in operation and decision sciences, marketing, industrial and organizational psychology, behavioral analysis, statistics, economics, data science, or related fields, one to three years success in data entry and data visualization, knowledge of and experience with the automotive industry, data a strong positive.
proficient with gmail, google docs, microsoft word and excel.
develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
collaborate with it to define the enterprise data strategy encompassing data collection architecture, data governance and data reporting infrastructure.
leadership experience in an analytics, bi environment.
experience designing, building, testing and implementing predictive models.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science or statistics.
the ideal candidate should be highly skilled in all aspects of data analytics including mining, generation, and visualization, and committed to transforming data into readable, goal-driven reports.
the data analyst will collaborate on the definition and enhancement of data collection, analysis, and governance processes, working with the business to curate the data and with data engineers to acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases, data systems.
mlb is looking to fill the full-time position of data quality analyst.
as a data quality analyst at mlb, you will be part of the baseball data quality team, which is responsible for ensuring the utmost integrity of the information maintained and supported by the broader baseball data team, including the statcast ecosystem, and communicating with various stakeholders, including mlb clubs, broadcast partners, and web, mobile properties.
investigate potential data quality issues both proactively and responsively.
contribute to the testing and validation of new data, analyses, and solutions.
experience servicing mlb clubs and baseball industry vendors from a technical and business development perspective.
advanced knowledge of sql or similar database querying experience.
familiarity with r and, or python for data science.
to learn more about our programs and read our entire corporate social responsibility report, click here, heres what youll do, data management, 70.
data management across multiple systems and business units, i. e. removing duplicates, standardizing data, and incorporating rules to eliminate incorrect data from entering the system.
collaborate with other data analysts and users to create, validate, and maintain data quality.
create and maintain documentation for data standards, master data, reference data, data quality, and integration rules.
work closely with business units and stakeholders in identifying data-related opportunities, develop data quality reports to monitor the health of the enterprises master data.
develop and produce reports utilizing our data warehouse and summarize your findings through visualizations.
ba, bs in business, statistics, computer sciences, engineering or associated discipline.
knowledgeable with large datasets, data management and relational database design and familiarity with data formats, table joins, and etl.
experience using analytical tools to support data analysis, reporting, and visualization.
advanced excel and powerpoint knowledge required.
sql and bi a plus, otbi, power bi, tableau, etc.
outstanding verbal, written communication, presentation, organizational and teamwork skills are required.
strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills; excellent documentation skills.
the company has a longstanding commitment to corporate social responsibility, including more than $400 million invested in environmental technologies and sustainability research, $50 million in charitable giving and education initiatives every year, $100 million toward the construction of two charter school campuses in californias central valley, and innovative health and wellness programs, including two free primary care clinics for employees and their dependents, to learn more about the wonderful company, its products and its core values, visit www.
click here to view our privacy notice.
months phone + skype bianalytics data analyst, claims business data bi analyst, with insurance claims qlikviewqliksense data modeling, not looking for developers.
● passionate about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and experimentation.
● has experience of standard database reporting and query tools and a knowledge of writing queries with sql.
● knowledge of analytics platforms, such as spotfire and tableau, and visualization and visualization techniques and concepts is essential.
knowledge of r, python and advanced analytics is an advantage.
● 8 to 10 years data analysis and analytics experience with various types of software development life cycle methodologies and technologies.
\xa0 google big query, google data studio, visualization.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 google machine learning, python.
\xa0 hadoop, hive.
a successful candidate must be highly skilled in all aspects of data analytics, including mining, generation, and visualization.
data querying and data management.
able to build reports and connect various data sources within tableau.
proven analytic skills, including mining, evaluation, analysis, and visualization.
strong tableau, sql and excel skills with the ability to learn other analytic tools.
business development.
he, she will develop a keen understanding of the data, write software programs, algorithms, and automated processes to transform large datasets into meaningful information for gathering insight.
diverse big data sources to generate actionable insights and solutions for client services and product enhancement.
collaborates with programmers, engineers, and organizational leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance.
creating appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the steps of the data analysis process and duplicate or replicate the analysis if necessary.
business, communication skills.
strong communication skills, written and verbal.
proficiency with analytics tools and programming languages, sql, r, python, and visualization platforms, tableau, powerbi, or webfocus.
descriptive and inferential statistics.
strong microsoft excel and power point skills.
bachelor’s degree in quantitative degree required, mathematics, statistics, economics, analytics, computer science, etc, typically requires a minimum of 2 years of related experience with a bachelors degree; or masters degree, seniority level.
consult and collaborate with sql admins for index recommendations and performance enhancements against sql db.
provide end user training against microsoft ssrs and sql server.
active top secret security clearance with sci eligibility.
able to import, export data from sql database.
working knowledge of database concepts such as rdbms and nosql.
understanding of cis benchmarks and how it applies against sql db environment.
high proficiency in writing sql queries.
deep understanding of security as it pertains to data access, scope, and distribution of reports.
working knowledge of sql server and tsql.
able to convert microsoft access reports to microsoft sql server reports.
experience with aws sql rds and aws ec2 instance, s. high proficiency in administration of microsoft sql server 2016.
provide customers with commercially available it, sql server, aws, products, and creating requirements that will allow implementation by the architecture and engineering team.
analyze functional business requirements and design specifications for functional activities, including budget, acquisitions, security, program offices, and human resources.
knowledge of aws cloud, specifically for network and security.
talent acquisition, software engineering, machine learning and ai, at adobe.
our content services are delivered as a multi-tenant saas storage platform with micro services for identity, access, cache, sync, collaboration, search, and ai to work with the variety of content that our customers deal with, images, videos, documents, text, web pages, campaigns, blogs, tweets etc.
become the subject matter authority on our data platform, including driving the requirements for our internal event logging systems, data processing engines, experimentation frameworks, and data visualization, dashboard tools.
work with adobe’s data ingestion, data platform and product teams to understand and validate instrumentation and data flow.
pursuing degree in data science, statistics, computer science, engineering, mathematics or a related field with a graduation date of spring or summer 2021.
proven technical knowledge in data modeling, system and database design development, and data mining techniques.
strong proficiency in querying, manipulating and analyzing large data sets using sql and, or sql-like languages.
proficiency in java or python.
working knowledge of a data visualization tool such as tableau or power bi.
the ability to research and simplify complex situations.
analyze internal and external data through quantitative research.
promote best practices in data analysis and reporting.
must have extensive microsoft access and sql experience.
strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.
abeo is a leading, nationwide medical billing company that provides a wide range of services to its clients that include, but are not limited to, billing and a, r management, practice management and billing software.
in this role, the junior data analyst will be responsible for performing data collection, complaint investigation, analysis, and reporting.
solid analytical and research skills.
excellent communication skills, written and verbal.
the program, data analyst supports the data collection and analysis efforts for monitoring the implementation of a government program with respect to the care and placement of participants in a network of grant funded care provider program.
update and develop on site data collection tools and processes to yield statistically reliable and informative data and support field program assessments.
prepare written summaries and presentations that reflect the results of the data analysis and present findings to agency leadership.
help train contractor and field staff on the use of data collection and analysis tools.
assist with projects that support the continual improvement of data analysis.
compile, analyze, and visualize data using a data visualization platform such as tableau.
3 years with a masters degree, working knowledge of data visualization platforms, tableau, and scripting languages, r. working familiarity with sql and familiarity with relational databases.
advanced skills in excel, access, and vba.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
the bi analyst help the organization to meet their objectives through the intelligent use of the information.
this position will be responsible for the continuous develpment of tableau.
dashboards, users, maintance and everything related to the tableau offerings we offer.
the bi analyst reports to the data analytics platform manager.
tableau expert, working experience as a developer and administrator.
statistics, sql, oracle, vba and other bi tools, r. private banking data models and business.
position title: operations research analyst, data analytics, journeyman.
position description, the aviation logistics centers, alc, business operations divisions, bod, also known as alc bod, provides effective costing, logistics and data analysis with stakeholders across acquisition, development, sustainment, and operational environments critical to managing successful acquisition projects within the u. s. coast guard.
the bod is in need of an operations research analyst to enhance alcs business processes, improve operational efficiency, provide financial and costing analysis, and support decision-makers who oversee production through-put across product lines, work authorization, security clearance.
the operations research analyst will work within a small team of project managers and logisticians to improve, manage and oversee the alc enterprise production system.
complete data collection, analysis, and experiment report development and preparation.
three, 3, years experience in operations research, or a related field, and a bachelors degree in one of the following.
operations research.
statistics.
operations research.
spares optimization.
software or sas software experience, or similar applications.
this position utilizes skills in data mining, data analysis, and data manipulation against large-scale datasets.
additional tasks would include performing data analysis and source-to-target mapping; performing ad-hoc analysis; and validating, structuring and deriving insights from large amounts of data.
work closely with customer and internal teams to ensure timely completion of project milestones related to data requirements while handling multiple project priorities.
work diligently to help ensure overall data quality for customer accounts.
experience and understanding of data life cycle: data acquisition, data quality and data management.
hands-on experience with data aggregation techniques, data ingest, transformation, data analytics, machine learning.
ability to apply, modify, and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
identify data quality issues, root causes, and apply remediation.
write custom sql queries to extract data from internal databases.
write python or perl scripts to structure data into the desired format or to clean, parse data.
strong knowledge and experience in querying, manipulating and summarizing large amount of data through sql, in addition to experience in scripting languages such as r or python.
8+ years experience and proficiency in sql, oracle, db2, sql server.
8+ years experience with scripting, programming languages, perl, python, java, php, etc.
data mapping experience with etl tools, edi, datastage or mapreduce.
1-2 years experience with data warehouse environments or bigdata.
5+ years experience and proficiency in sql, oracle, db2, sql server.
5+ years experience with scripting, programming languages, perl, python, php, java etc.
1-2 years with etl tools, edi, datastage or mapreduce.
demonstrated partnering and communication skills.
1 year linux, unix with shell scripting.
the internal audit digital center of excellence team partners with other audit teams to assess the risks and operational effectiveness of control processes by utilizing data analysis and visualization.
the associate data analyst will focus on partnering with fellow internal auditors on identifying key risks and performing data analysis using data mining and visualization techniques that allow for an in-depth review of business processes, performance, and risk metrics.
performing data analysis using tools such as sql, acl etc.
assessing data quality and outliers in large populations.
responsible for own development through enhancement of business knowledge, professional skills, and through contribution to the performance evaluation process through completing individual audit, project appraisals.
experience with advanced statistical modeling methodologies such as generalized linear models, nonlinear mixed models, hierarchical models, etc.
experience using business intelligence, bi, software and developing dashboard analytics.
experience in advanced technologies like rpa, ai or blockchain.
critical thinking: thoughtful process of analyzing data and problem solving data to reach a well-reasoned solution.
the financial and accounting specialist, junior data analyst is responsible for the daily activities related to capital expenditures: project review and set-up, spend follow-up, variance analysis, month-end journal entry preparation and assets tracking, in close collaboration with the members of the fpanda department and of our regional companies, the finance and accounting specialist will support the fpanda departments financial analysis and internal reporting needs in such areas as: same-store sales, sales by major product group, pricing, margins and operating costs, the financial and accounting specialist will also support the optimization of data mining, report production and data modeling through the use of various software, reporting systems and programming languages.
supports the department efforts to improve data mining.
knowledge of industrial companies a plus, knowledge, skills and abilities, ksas, strong organizational, analytical and communication skills.
familiar with a complex use of excel including pivot tables, various formulas and macros.
experience with sap, sap bw, microsoft access, sql, powerbi, incl.
knowledge of programming languages, python or other, a plus.
sr analyst requires 5-7 years of data analysis experience.
this role will research and share key insights on technology data management, business and technology improvement opportunities that align with organization’s strategic objectives and allow the business to achieve performance goals.
transform digital technology data into presentable findings using data visualization techniques.
identify data validation requirements and coordinate the development, testing and implementation of the related solutions; consult with business and technology partners on data quality issues.
research and share key insights on data analysis with business value potential that align with strategic objectives and will allow the business to achieve breakthrough performance.
proficiency and experience with aws and sql\xa0.
data analysis experience.
proficiency with various web-based software applications including microsoft office word, excel, powerpoint, sharepoint, data management etc.
experience with data integration, data quality assurance, data profiling, and data processing.
experience with database platforms such as sql server and oracle.
experience with snowflake and s3 is a plus, optional.
leading customer requests for ad hoc reporting or research.
leading research initiatives to monitor pulse8’s
leading customer requests for ad hoc reporting or research.
leading research initiatives to monitor pulse8’s
bachelor’s degree in actuarial science, math, statistics, or in a related field of study.
experience with sql or sas.
working knowledge of statistics with ability, interest to become proficient.
proven technical, analytical and problem solving.
strong written and verbal communication.
beacon associates, a longeviti llc company, is searching for a research data analyst.
beacon associates seeks a research data analyst to provide mission support at the national intelligence university.
security clearance.
must have a ts, sci security clearance.
responsible for maintaining assessment and evaluation databases; validating the accuracy and security of the information developed, merged, and reported; and identifying problem areas associated with the assessment activities of the university and recommending solutions and strategies for continuous improvement.
education, bachelors degree in statistics, business administration, education, or closely related field is required, longeviti, llc is committed to hiring and retaining a diverse workforce.
research.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, access, spss, sas etc.
experience with sql, python and, or r. hadoop, sas experience is a plus.
focuses on our clients’ omni-channel digital operations, including web operations, conversion rate optimization, site merchandising and ecommerce operations, campaign operations, and system replatforming.
focuses on the full spectrum of data analysis from web and social analytics to more advanced predictive analytics and big data all underpinned by a strong business intelligence and visualisation team.
data management.
focuses on all facets of data acquisition, integration, normalization, and quality across all data sets, customer, product, supplier, partner, sales, transactional, etc, as well as master data management and data governance, stewardship.
the ideal candidate has a blend of technical and communication skills and is ready to join a fast-paced environment.
review and refine the data governance strategy, including but not limited to data flow documentation, data dictionaries, governance methodology, and identifying one source of truth for all data sources within the business unit.
experience with uat testing and building dashboards in tableau and power bi.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
find and document innovative ways to analyze and present the data, and to improve the processes, speed-reliability-cost-communication.
ba, bs or higher degree in business, economic, engineering, operations research, mathematics, statistics or related applicable quantitative fields.
5-2+ years of sql experience.
r, python, spss or sas a plus.
comfortable with big data.
join us as a lead analyst – testing and measurement.
the testing and measurement team drives continuous innovation and business growth through experimentation using testing and measurement philosophy for target stores, target.
the testing and measurement team plays a key role in identifying, testing and measuring the top growth opportunities at any given time.
a role with target’s testing and measurement team is a chance to help develop our in-house strength for getting the maximum value from target’s many data assets.
our purpose is to accelerate testing across the enterprise to fuel the continuous innovation that we believe is the key to exceeding guest expectations in target stores, on target.
together, we positively impact changes across various initiatives, processes and interdependencies that require exceptional data collection, testing, measurement and analysis — ultimately leading to quicker and more meaningful decision-making at target.
this requires someone passionate about data, testing, measurement, feature experimentation and its application to improve both business strategies, as well as our in-house testing and measurement solutions.
can isolate, identify and communicate data issues and own data quality for the data produced.
you’ll define data to be collected for measuring the success of new testing and measurement product features.
also, provide recommendations based on data analysis to optimize instrumentation and tracking.
you will work independently with partners to define problems and create solutions using testing methods, data analysis, data mining, predictive modeling, optimization and machine learning.
this requires strong problem-solving skills and working knowledge of query optimization on large data sets.
you’ll work with all data and analysis completion in our hadoop ecosystem.
ba, bs in a quantitative field statistics, mathematics, compute science or equivalent work experience.
3+ years of work experience in analytics, consulting, product or data engineering.
adept at predictive modeling.
advanced sql experience writing complex queries.
hands on experience with analytics tools: hadoop, hive, spark, python, r, domo and, or equivalent technologies.
extensive problem solving and analytical skills.
exceptional oral and written communication skills.
is responsible for a wide range of tasks, from creating data sets, reports, providing data for use by dtmo business intelligence tool, tableau, assisting in data integration, data quality and dashboard development to support performance management.
develop project documentation and user training materials according to program specifications.
produce database development, data extraction using structured query language, sql, skills to create reporting queries and perform analysis on the database.
analyze and implement data quality improvements, using dataflux.
apply project management skills to oversee implementation of new data sources and oversee minor projects, systemic data correction, table modification and data population.
strong experience with sql to include writing queries.
research, recommend and implement new scalable solutions for distributing data.
use existing excel, macros, vlookups, vba, and sql tools to deliver data for existing reports and qrs. partner with members of the portfolio communications, data strategy, and portfolio analyst teams to develop qr project and execution plans, establish agreed-upon deadlines and intensify issues, as necessary.
good data querying skills using sql, toad, tableau, excel or any other applications.
prior experience with reporting and visualization tools like tableau, spotfire, alteryx or other bi, data prep, blending etc.
basic understanding of ai, ml concepts, r, python or scala is preferred.
high level of proficiency with excel, macros, vlookups, vba, and powerpoint.
excellent project management skills and ability to prioritize multiple work streams and competing deadlines and optimally communicate and manage expectations.
it teams to analyze various analytical platforms within a sql.
responsibilities analyzing and reporting for teams across a variety of functional teams including - marketing, finance, accounting, fraud protection working within sql database utilizing tableau for reporting - must have ability to work within tableau creating technical requirement documentation.
qualifications must have background within the wireless industry experience within finance accounting fraud or settlement systems is a plus 3-10 years of experience as a technical data or business analyst within an agile environment must have background working with tableau strong sql knowledge.
be a subject matter expert for analytics and techniques, including a, b testing.
design and enhance media planning optimization reports across channels such as programmatic, social, and search.
develop visualizations in excel and powerpoint to illustrate campaign performance data.
proficiency in data visualization software, tableau, and querying languages like sql.
present findings to clients in well-constructed powerpoint and excel reports.
manage day-to-day responsibilities associated with our client strategy and optimization engagements.
advanced knowledge of excel.
proven track record writing complex sql.
good organizational and project management skills.
strong communication skills, both written and verbal.
familiarity with web server-client communications and how html, css, javascript work.
experience with any business intelligence, bi, toolset or saas reporting tool like google analytics.
will utilize various reporting tools and work with key stakeholders to help define project scope, identify data sources, and determine best methods to deliver results.
experience writing t-sql queries is required for this role, responsibilities.
work with the data analysis team to develop complex queries and data sources to gather and analyze data.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
experience with report development in programs such as excel, access, sql queries, tableau, ssrs.
familiarity with tfs, visual studio, ssms, t-sql.
design, architect, implement and deliver reporting and bi solutions to clients.
fluency in sql and development experience in at least one scripting language, python, perl, etc.
ability to work with client management and stakeholders to achieve successful project outcomes.
ability to understand and help develop strategic planning, vision for enterprise bi functions.
excellent interpersonal, teamwork, and communication skills.
and all this while providing platinum customer support to our clients, the portfolios team in global data is responsible for the data management of mutual funds and etf portfolio holdings, as well as public portfolios such as government investment pools, collateralized loan obligation and etc.
, supports news, and enables our clients to follow the money flows, whats the role, the portfolios team is looking for a highly motivated individual with a passion for client engagement, research and technology.
excellent communication and customer service skills and experience in building strong relationships with clients and stakeholders, strong understanding of data processing paradigms and associated tools and technologies in global datas technology stack, applied proficiency with one or more programming, scripting languages, python, r, javascript, java, as well as sql.
effective research skills and excellent attention to detail.
legal authorization to work full-time in the united states and will not require visa sponsorship now or in the future, what wed love to see, experience working in an agile development team.
experience using statistical and machine learning methods to solve real-world problems.
perform data analysis and research to resolve business challenges.
develop data processes to curate structured and unstructured data in support of operational data requirements.
perform data mining activities to uncover new business insights.
advanced knowledge of tableau, ms excel, mysql and other bi and database tools.
experience with sql, python and, or other querying and general-purpose programming tools a plus.
experience with statistical analysis applications such as stata, hlm, r, sas and spss.
high level of proven knowledge and application of business analysis and relevant project management tools and methodologies.
excellent leadership, oral and written communication, planning and decision-making skills.
must be able to build and maintain relationships and facilitate collaboration and communication.
expertise with tableau, sql, alteryx, and, or other data analytics tools.
bs degree in business, statistics, mathematics, or a related field.
overview, impaq international, a growing and dynamic social science research firm, provides high-quality research and impact evaluation services, policy analysis, survey research, technology solutions, organizational development, technical assistance and consulting services to u. s. and international government agencies, foundations, and the private sector.
impaq has a diverse and collegial work environment and is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, m, f, disability, veterans, impaq is seeking a full-time data analyst who will support the senior research team in conducting research and evaluation projects primarily in the area of health, government health care programs, such as medicare, medicaid.
apply quantitative methods and techniques to manage and analyze research data.
construct, clean, and document large datasets for both internal and project-related use.
create customized and presentation-quality reports from data analysis results.
participate in the design of research studies.
write, compile, and edit assigned portions of proposals and project reports.
qualifications, bachelors or masters degree in economics, mathematics, statistics or related quantitative field, 0-3 years quantitative research experience in economics, health, education, public policy, or related fields.
must have experience in data analysis using sas, sql, excel, and, or other statistical and data analytics software.
knowledge of data analysis and data management techniques.
quantitative and qualitative research skills.
good oral and written communication skills.
during testing about 30, outside of testing about 5-10.
b. s. math, statistics, science, engineering or other technical field.
experience with data analysis required.
strong matlab, python, or comparable experience required.
organized and action-oriented with excellent oral and written communication.
preferred knowledge of statistical testing and analysis.
the position requires proficiency with applied statistics, and analytical tools, knowledge of data analysis methodology, data mining, use of presentation software, good communication skills and a strong commitment to and affinity for delivering the highest level of customer service.
qualifications, bachelors degree in healthcare, business, computer science, statistics or equivalent combination of education and experience is required, masters degree in healthcare, business, public health or statistics is preferred.
demonstrated experience in collecting, managing, and analyzing data using appropriate statistical methodologies and business intelligence tools such as tableau.
familiarity with various types of sources of health care information, including coding and billing, reimbursement, procurement, compliance, finance and privacy data files.
demonstrated experience and expertise using advanced excel features required.
strong communication skills, both written and verbal.
as a data analyst, you will work cross functionally with product, sales, and data engineering teams to define business requirements and turn data into actionable analysis for the organization.
business intelligence product development, 40, – engage with product design teams to build out actionable dashboards and work with data engineering and qa teams to deliver and maintain client-facing analytics projects.
2+ years of professional experience in quantitative analysis required, bachelors degree required, degree in business, engineering, informatics, or math preferred.
proficiency using a bi tool to visualize findings and analysis, tableau preferred.
1+ years of experience with querying languages, sql, and, or scripting languages, python, r. working knowledge of end-to-end data pipelines and
excellent communication skills with the ability to establish analytic and technical credibility with a variety of stakeholders.
understanding of predictive modeling and tools would be a bonus.
as part of the office of data management assists with business administration and data quality functions, including providing support for analysis and research into agfirst’s data structure, developing and maintaining associated data quality rules.
identify, compare, and resolve data quality problems through data profiling and data discovery techniques.
determine business impact level for data quality issues.
work with programmers to document and correct data quality errors.
determine root cause for data quality errors and make recommendations for long-term solutions.
research and determine scope and complexity of issues and recommend steps to appropriately resolve.
develop process improvements to enhance overall data quality and assist in developing and tracking data management metrics.
assist enterprise data director in driving office of data management initiatives.
ensure adherence to data quality standards.
minimum of 3-5 years of experience in assisting enterprises with data quality initiatives that includes experience building and, or analyzing data structures, data rules, data lineage and monitoring data quality issues.
knowledgeable and experienced with data management processes, data quality, data owner or data stewardship.
experience and knowledge of data quality tools, such as alex, collibra, etc.
understanding of basic database structures and sql preferred.
experience with data governance and change management process.
strong communication, collaboration and consulting skills, ability to communicate across all levels of the organization, including internal and external stakeholders.
experience with project management, including to manage daily data management operations tasks.
experience implementing data quality for a medium size commercial bank.
the research data analyst will be hired into the center for health services and outcomes research, within the institute for public health and medicine, ipham, at northwestern university.
major research questions include deep learning to automatically extract information, predicting which patients will get worse or respond to specific treatments, predict complications, predicting seizures, and improving analytic models.
provides expertise in data management, quality assurance, analysis and reporting.
performs data analysis using statistical techniques.
designs and prepares documentation for qualitative and quantitative data analysis.
completes data cleaning and organizes data files for analysis.
2 years data analysis, report writing or similar experience required.
microsoft office, word, excel, powerpoint, access, outlook.
python.
data mining.
problem solving.
two years’ experience in data-intensive research.
proficiency in r, python, or similar.
excellent english oral and written communication.
expertise in natural language processing.
expertise in machine learning, scikit-learn in python, caret package in r. northwestern university is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer of all protected classes, including veterans and individuals with disabilities.
research.
experience in java, python is preferred.
experience with apache spark and spark streaming.
experience in data ingestion pipeline and data analytics.
must have working experience with linux.
title data analytics with strong tableau client facebook location menlo park, ca.
job description statistical modeling and experience in developing business metrics can do medium-complex sql without any help
strong tableau experience knowledge of power point or keynote good understanding of data bases python good
duties apply proven expertise and build high-performance, scalable data warehouse application securely source external data from numerous global partners intelligently design data models for optimal storage and retrieval deploy inclusive data quality checks to ensure high quality of data optimize existing pipelines and implement new ones, maintenance of all domain-related data pipelines ownership of the end-to-end data engineering component of the solution collaboration with the program s smes, data scientists.
business development.
calculate key operating metrics and statistics to measure asset performance.
develop architecture and maintain databases of critical wind and solar equipment information.
bachelor’s degree in engineering, applied mathematics, statistics, data science, computer science, or related discipline.
python and r preferred.
experience with sql and database architecture.
familiarity with data visualization, business intelligence tools.
two or more years of experience with microsoft excel performing advanced functions such as vlookup’s, pivot tables, filtering, sorting, charts, and graphing.
the ability to combine data and present on excel program.
midcom has current long standing national contracts with the major aerospace, defense, high technology and cyber security agencies and prime contractors.
apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how users interact with core business products.
maintain responsibility for the coordination, management, and development of consumer research activities for the collection, analysis, evaluation, audit, and documentation of consumer satisfaction with client products.
incorporate statistical analysis and data visualization to identify trends and patterns.
experience with microsoft office suite, including access, excel, word, outlook, and powerpoint.
experience with excel, including the use of pivot tables, formulas, and linked tables.
experience with analytical software programs, including python, spss, stata, r, jema, fade, mist, palantir, or business intelligence.
ability to communicate the results of complex data analysis to executive level audiences.
applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information; ts, sci clearance is required.
the senior data analyst will support the real estate services team within the cao organization and be responsible for delivering key data management activities.
this role will have access to various data sources and will be expected to use standard bi tools to ensure that the delivery of data is accurate and aligns to enterprise data management policies.
this role will work with stakeholders to understand business objectives, research data sources, and use appropriate tools, techniques to sample and build straw man models.
this role will interact with business partners on analytics and reporting needs from across the enterprise as well as interface with our agile development team to deliver enhancements to our data warehouse platform.
- work with agile development team to implement new functionality to support the business strategies.
- 5+ years of data management or data analytics.
- strong verbal and written communication skills.
- ability to develop bi visualizations using tableau.
- advanced excel, sql, alteryx, sas and tableau expertise.
this role is accountable for data collection, validation and outcome measurements.
create and generate reports through ms-excel, ms-access, and sql using business objects interface and direct links to core databases.
2+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience.
advanced knowledge of business objects, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
python for data manipulation and transformation, python dictionaries, data frames, data stream, joins of all kinds, outside of sql ides.
python modeling.
hands-on experience in ml, dl, ai.
research skills –ability to go figure it out and come back with a working model.
must know sql very well.
tableau experience is preferred.
strong communication skills\xa0.
work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data.
design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting.
+ years creating reports in a bi tool.
at least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in sql, t-sql.
self-motivated individual with excellent written and verbal communication skills.
in return for our services, skillsoniq keeps a 10% commission on payments made to freelancers for the life of the project or till the freelancer gets bought out by the client, whichever comes earlier.
once freelancers get placed on a project, they are paid every week by skillsoniq based on weekly hours submitted on skillsoniq and after skillsoniq retains 10% commission from all payments made by the client.
programming skills in sql required; python, or java, scala preferred.
recent proven experience developing data visualizations, dashboards, and reporting in tableau, or a similar reporting tool.
comfortable with any of advanced analytics tools such as pandas, r, and spark.
prepare ad-hoc management reports, research and analysis.
excellent communication skills along with the ability to condense complex information so that it is both easy to digest and actionable in application.
competency in ms office products, specifically excel.
to read our candidate privacy information statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit https, www.
com, candidate-privacy.
g. stanford university is seeking a research data analyst 1 to manage and analyze large amounts of information, typically technical or scientific in nature, under the direction of project researchers, investigators, or managers.
create databases and reports, develop algorithms and statistical models, and perform statistical analyses appropriate to data and reporting requirements.
collaborate with faculty and research staff on data collection and analysis methods.
provide documentation based on audit and reporting criteria to investigators and research staff.
experience in a quantitative discipline such as economics, finance, statistics or engineering, knowledge, skills and abilities, required.
research.
research.
communicate the results of analyses to the product team, game studio, and outside partners through data visualization and presentations.
3-5 years experience with querying large complex data sets with sql on relational databases.
high level of proficiency in data visualization tools such as tableau, excel, or equivalent.
passion for problem solving, from generating insightful questions to research, through presentation of results and follow-on steps.
excellent organizational, communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, or another quantitative field.
languages: r, python, html, javascript, c, c, sql, matlab, sas.
preferred: ms sql, obiee, oracle, odi, ms access
, ms power bi
no sql, data lakes.
strong math background.
strong excel skills with the ability to manipulate large data spreadsheets.
were the ones behind the alluringly designed content that streams across your laptop, tv, phone, and tablet every day — and we are the ones who harness the massive power of big data to help companies move from data to insight and insight to action by delivering content that people crave most, the opportunity.
the ideal candidate will be able to work autonomously and will have a technical background with strong communication and project management skills.
your strong data etl skills will help you combine disparate sources of data so that they can be analyzed and your understanding of statistics will help in analyzing the data, providing useful actionable insights for the various teams.
manage the data collection, analysis, and delivery of critical metrics for a digital marketing business.
degree in engineering, statistics, mathematics or related disciplines are strongly preferred.
basic prototyping skills in r, python, spark or similar language are required.
very strong project management skills are required.
experience with machine learning, artificial intelligence, and, or econometrics is strongly preferred.
you will be responsible for more than just monitoring our analytics - it is communicating with the newsroom about what is working, what is not working, updating our dashboards, identifying trends and making sure we are on top of data privacy.
605 is an independent tv measurement and analytics firm that offers advertising and content measurement, full-funnel attribution, media planning, optimization and analytical solutions.
responsible for identifying and tracking data quality issues associated with key 605 datasets.
produce, develop dashboards and reporting that provide an optimized visualization of the status across all 605 datasets.
experience in working with data extracts and data analysis.
experience with data visualization and developing dashboards required.
knowledge developing in sql, tableau and, or splunk highly preferred.
excellent customer facing communication skills.
knowledge and experience in agile, scrum environments along with associated tools including jira and confluence, bachelors degree or associates degree with commensurate experience.
application, software development preferred but not required.
effectively collaborates and works with others in the asset management organization to prepare the reporting materials, research and resolve issues that may be present in a timely fashion.
3 + years of experience as a bi reporting analyst, business analyst, investment analyst, and, or data analyst.
working knowledge of data base modeling techniques, cube reporting, and data warehouse, data mart.
experience using some of the following tools: tableau, sql server, crystal reports, 3rd party client reporting tools and, or microsoft office products, specifically, expertise in using excel and powerpoint applications.
excellent oral and written communication skills, and comfortable independently interacting with all levels of staff.
works with enterprise company data located in sap, kronos, teamcenter, catia, sharepoint, ms project server and intranet to support the development of business metrics and generate recurring reports to support business decisions.
business ba, production, industrial engineer bs or operational research
must research the analysis and categorize the encounter.
essen is seeking an individual who is skilled in the use of power bi, excel, sharepoint and sql databases for data analysis with scripting via phyton.
analyze, present and explain information in accessible and actionable way, i. e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data.
programs using excel and sql or other appropriate software to generate reports based on input, direction from management and other report users.
pull and integrate data from disparate sources, i. e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data.
expert knowledge of ms excel.
strong knowledge of sql - formulate analytic questions as database queries.
requirements, bachelors degree in health services research, actuarial science, statistics, or economics or minimum four, 4, years of data analyst or related experience, including proficiency with analytical software, at least 1-year experience data mining complex sets and formulating custom reports.
experience performing data analysis from ecw, claims, rosters, etc.
effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required.
the data solutions analyst delves into the recesses of large data sets of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data to discover hidden knowledge about our business and works with data scientists to leverage that knowledge within our data science solutions.
this team member combines knowledge of mathematics and applied statics, visualization skills, storytelling capabilities, a healthy sense of exploration and knowledge acquisition capabilities.
they find the golden nuggets of information buried within our rich data set and apply those findings to aide in the feature engineering and development of new data science capabilities.
leverage data visualization, data manipulation and mathematics skills to identify patterns in response to business and data science needs.
work with project managers to develop detailed project timelines.
bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, engineering, economics, social sciences, physics or chemistry.
1 year of experience providing data analysis and visualization experience within a business setting.
understanding of statistics.
proficiency in sql, tableau and microsoft data packages.
working knowledge of relational databases and standard sql query methods.
experience working with big data within a hadoop environment.
experience working with r, python or other programming packages.
experience with machine learning methods, such as regressions, clustering, classification, etc.
responsible for certain activities of several insurance and reinsurance operations and, or contracted insurance programs, i. e. “programs, within the responsibilities of the insurance data management unit, whether originating from home office or in other, non-home office, locations.
the activities include but are not limited to insurance data collection, data transfers, data manipulation and, or analysis, accounting, cash activity, financial and statistical reporting.
coordinates communication of daily, monthly, and year end accounting, and financial statement and, or program information between boston, massachusetts and, or other program operating locations and omaha.
bachelor degree in accounting, math, business, or related field or equivalent.
personal computer, related software, and basic applications such as excel and word.
retrieve, manipulate, and validate pricing and merchandising data into actionable outputs both in conjunction with our sql data warehouse team and on your own.
automate various reporting, email distribution, and light application tasks in sql, access, excel, and outlook using python and powershell.
requirements, bachelors degree required, computer science, mathematics, analytics, or statistics preferred, proven ability to develop in sql.
intermediate microsoft excel skills including vlookups, formulas, and pivot tables required.
experience using python, r, crystal reports, and, or tableau preferred.
self-directed time and project management skills required.
works with enterprise company data located in sap, kronos, teamcenter, catia, sharepoint, ms project server and intranet to support the development of business metrics and generate recurring reports to support business decisions.
business ba, production, industrial engineer bs or operational research
maintain clear communication.
perform user needs analysis, product evaluation, selection, customization, testing, implementation, and support.
applicants with less experience may be considered for hire at grade 56, masters degree preferred, key skills required include analysis, statistics, and ability to present data in a variety of forms for different audiences; fluency in excel and powerpoint.
familiarity with business intelligence and data analysis tools such as tableau, r, google analytics python, and sql.
ability to work independently in a fast-based, multi-project environment.
familiar with agile methodologies, scrum, kanban.
the position requires solid project management competencies, a high level of organization and deadline orientation as well as problem-solving skills.
sales operations specialist should be detailed oriented and have basic project management skills to help with the operations for a dynamic, growing cloud sales organization.
the specialist will work with cross-functional teams, including sales, finance, marketing, and bi teams to handle data requests and ensure timely and accurate reporting.
this person will gain analytical experience working heavily with our data and advance their sql skills.
the specialist will work with cross-functional teams, including sales, finance, marketing, and bi teams to handle data requests and ensure timely and accurate reporting.
this person will gain analytical experience working heavily with our data and advance their sql skills.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
knowledge of sql, ideally intermediate level.
knowledge of our client spreadsheets or ms excel skills.
strong written and oral communication skills.
this position has four primary areas of responsibility: data management, data visualization, data analysis, and data integration.
the data analyst will help ensure the integrity of, enhancements and improvements to, and the management of the data flowing into and out of hrc’s oracle-based crm database, hosted by roi solutions, data warehouse, hosted by civis, and voter database, van.
in that capacity, the data analyst, together with the team, will serve a pivotal role as the guardian of all data related to hrc’s members, supporters and contacts and will play a key role as team project manager.
data analysis.
the data analyst will be creative and pro-active in looking for opportunities to apply data analysis to multiple facets of the organization’s work.
use descriptive analytics to determine the success of fundraising efforts, including a, b testing and statistical significance in differences between two groups.
data management.
manage and maintain all data extracts for direct response campaigns, including telemarketing, direct mail, and web, digital ad campaigns using sql in civis and roi solutions.
adhere to established protocols and standards for data integrity, data quality, data hygiene and overall data management.
data visualization.
incorporate innovative and informative data visualizations in tableau for multiple departments within hrc for internal reporting on members and supporters.
use tableau to create, maintain, and distribute interactive charts, graphs, dashboards, maps and other items to inform departments of internal progress and promote data-driven decision making.
keep up to date on best practices for effective data visualization creation.
database querying with sql.
experience building reports and visualizations in tableau.
experience with predictive analytics using r or python.
experience with flask and, or shiny apps preferred.
demonstrated communication and collaboration skills to work with staff, volunteers and vendors; understand and interpret user needs; and lend expertise, problem-solving, and creative and analytic thinking to formulate and communicate solutions.
this position utilizes skills in data mining, data analysis, and data manipulation against large-scale datasets.
additional tasks would include performing data analysis and source-to-target mapping; performing ad-hoc analysis; and validating, structuring and deriving insights from large amounts of data.
work closely with customer and internal teams to ensure timely completion of project milestones related to data requirements while handling multiple project priorities.
work diligently to help ensure overall data quality for customer accounts.
experience and understanding of data life cycle: data acquisition, data quality and data management.
hands-on experience with data aggregation techniques, data ingest, transformation, data analytics, machine learning.
ability to apply, modify, and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
identify data quality issues, root causes, and apply remediation.
write custom sql queries to extract data from internal databases.
write python or perl scripts to structure data into the desired format or to clean, parse data.
strong knowledge and experience in querying, manipulating and summarizing large amount of data through sql, in addition to experience in scripting languages such as r or python.
8+ years experience and proficiency in sql, oracle, db2, sql server.
8+ years experience with scripting, programming languages, perl, python, java, php, etc.
data mapping experience with etl tools, edi, datastage or mapreduce.
1-2 years experience with data warehouse environments or bigdata.
5+ years experience and proficiency in sql, oracle, db2, sql server.
5+ years experience with scripting, programming languages, perl, python, php, java etc.
1-2 years with etl tools, edi, datastage or mapreduce.
demonstrated partnering and communication skills.
1 year linux, unix with shell scripting.
in this role, you will work with various practice area’s, pas, and case teams in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, supporting them across stages of market research, survey management.
checking and validating survey data at various stages of data collection process.
analyzing survey data using univariate, bivariate, and multivariate analysis methods leveraging tools like spss, sawtooth, excel.
building easy-to-use and interactive analysis models using excel and alteryx.
multi-tasking; including networking, relationship building as well as informal business development.
you bring, experience and qualifications, bachelor degree or masters degree with demonstrated high academic achievement in analytics, data science, mathematics, operational research, or economics and relevant work experience in market, consumer research data analytics.
in the field of market research and data analytics.
strong analytical capabilities– survey data, data management and manipulation.
hands-on experience of working on advanced analysis methods like segmentation, maxdiff, conjoint, logistic regression, discriminant analysis, decision tree, etc.
strong hands-on experience on tools spss, sawtooth, advanced excel, and powerpoint.
knowledge of additional tools such as python, r, alteryx, tableau, sas, marketsight, vba, sql will be an added advantage.
effective written and verbal communication.
we design algorithms and build complex models out of large amounts of data.
research.
conducts timely follow-up communication with requestors regarding clarifications to their request, policy and timing of deliverables.
must have proficiency using a pc in a windows environment, including microsoft word, excel, power point and electronic medical records.
looking for entry level data analyst who will work with client marketing team on renewal project 3. 0, help impute contract expiration date, prepare lists for sellers, re-run lists regularly to capture any renewals, prep lists for client communications, prep lists for billing team for rate action, etc.
perform analytical research to identify and resolve routine data issues impacting nccis data providers and ncci products and services.
based on knowledge of the system and, or data type supported; provide needed testing support for baseline, discretionary, and investment projects impacting the core work.
provide testing and systems support - including researching issues to determine if ncci systems issues are contributing to the root cause.
prepare documentation to resolve system requirements, procedures, or customer communication to resolve issues impacting core work functions and customer group supported.
what you must bring to the role, bachelors degree and 2 years in an analytical role in a service-oriented, financial, and, or insurance related enterprise where primary work performed uses web-based or other business systems, in lieu of the work experience requirement, a degree with coursework in any of the following: database and, or system management or design, data extraction, data mining, or data warehousing.
ability to perform independent research using business applications, databases, data viewing tools, and reports to identify root cause and resolve data issues.
proficient with microsoft office - outlook, word, excel.
5 years experience with python, bash shell, java and pearl could be helpful.
the drug safety data analyst, business systems analyst reports to the principal project and execution manager and is part of the project and execution group in us drug safety.
the data analyst is responsible for analyzing and trending a variety of datasets across usds, including areas in: compliance and training, safety case management and project tracking as part of the project portfolio management.
the role of the data analyst is to provide analytic support by developing a usds metrics dashboard to the usds leadership team in order to further understand project status and trends within safety reporting and ultimately result in more efficient and improved pharmacovigilance processes.
design and develop a usds dashboard on project tracking, compliance and training metrics.
design and develop excel macros, qlikview or tibco spotfire visualizations.
programming activities and usage for data management and data review.
develop and maintain excel, qlikview or tibco spotfire programs including testing and organizing datasets, programs, and related documentation.
bs, ms, mph in computer science, mathematics, statistics or equivalent.
strong excel programming skills required.
strong visualization programming skills: qlikview or tibco spotfire.
experience in programming with large datasets and developing programs, testing and documentation.
knowledge of developing reporting or other systems using excel and sas.
experience in sas programming a plus.
working knowledge of statistical research methodology.
good understanding of data cleaning process.
research.
research
\uf0b7 nurture and promote adherence to wellstar data governance standards within the organization and team.
\uf0b7 2+ years working with complex data sets in a relational database environment with tools such as sql server, ms access, ms excel and other 3rd party visualization tools.
\uf0b7 strong aptitude toward understanding technology concepts and techniques and learning to use new data management and presentation toolsets.
\uf0b7 familiarity with sql or other common query language recommended.
\uf0b7 advanced skills working with relational database structures and concepts and advanced microsoft office, excel, access, skills.
\uf0b7 excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
\uf0b7 strong interpersonal communication skills and the ability to work well with all levels of the organization.
you will be responsible for regularly reporting on our key performance indicators, kpis, assisting in cross-functional project management and execution, and identifying strategic opportunities to accelerate progress.
provide project management support to general managers, product operations director, and chief of staff.
have strong business consulting, analytical skills, organizational, and project management skills.
have experience with sql, looker, and excel, confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job.
hubspots recruiting privacy notice explains what personal information we may process, where we may process your personal information, our purposes for processing your personal information, and the rights you can exercise over hubspot’s use of your personal information, seniority level.
drive scalable data analytic projects, dashboards and other data solutions, from initial ask, requirements gathering, scope definition, testing, development, and deployment, and support.
drive data management best practices to collect, organize, and standardize core data sets.
organize project charters, scorecards, and other documentation for the overall roadmap.
expert in excel, vba.
expert in tableau.
expert in sql, oracle, hive, mysql, etc.
strong communication skills in identifying business problems and translating to technical etl requirements.
ba, bs degree in a technical discipline, computer science, engineering, information systems, math, statistics, or equivalent work experience.
review daily and month end statistics.
research any significant changes in trends.
analyze and research any significant increases, decreases in recurring sales to ensure steady growth of sleep patients to be contacted.
daily reports, revenue statistics, phone statistics, event code tasks, reminders.
research and resolve all phone issues to ensure phone system is active during all hours of operation.
assist management in the creation, extraction, and reporting of all pertinent data necessary to complete special project assignments.
the investment data analyst role is responsible for data preparation and analysis related to research and reporting within the investments team at savos.
translate desired research or reporting output into the required input data for analysis.
source, validate and organize required data for reporting or research study.
assist with development of research best practices for robust and efficient analysis.
experience with pandas, r, excel, vba or equivalent.
this position will work within the bi team and has responsibility for deriving insights, analyzing trends, developing and delivering reporting including dashboards, and contributing to a data driven strategy and leading data projects.
your background should include dashboard design, data visualization, automated reporting applications, coding, testing, debugging, file maintenance routines and documentation of both database design and tableau reporting platforms.
present findings from data analysis to peers, management, and leadership.
develop data warehouse structures and reports.
3+ years’ experience in a data intensive role including providing data analysis and developing reports using enterprise reporting tools, bachelors degree in information technology, computer science, or a related quantitative field or an additional 4+ years of business, data analysis experience, 1+ years’ experience creating dashboards using tableau or other similar data visualization tools and data warehousing applications.
3+ years’ experience coding complex sql queries and logic.
1+ years’ manipulating data in a unix environment, preferably linux.
advanced experience with excel.
data analysts at the fbi manage vast amounts and varieties of data associated with criminal and national security investigations.
analyze data collection gaps and recommend modifications for collection methods.
present visualizations and data analysis findings to executive management and external audiences.
skill in high-level programming languages, python or r, to manipulate data.
operations research.
statistics.
communication.
problem solving, judgment.
security and investigations.
computer and network security.
nc 12 months hire of skype performing the data analysis for one or more compliance domains, including but not limited to trademarket surveillances, spanning all traded products asset classes for both eq.
develop data service design support ongoing data management efforts for development, qa and production environments utilizes a thorough understanding of available technology, tools, and existing designs.
required qualifications 8+ years of experience in one or a combination of the following data analysis, reporting, or analytics big data experience
prior experience performing data analysis for compliance domain provides the highest technical expertise for the planning, analysis, design, implementation, maintenance, and control of the organizations server-class databases.
handles and leads the most complex or critical data database management initiatives that typically involve multiple disciplines and multiple business groups, including responsibility for database architecture, design, integration, andor data modeling.
as the recognized technical expert, consults extensively with multiple client groups to provide strategic solutions, influencing long-range internal and enterprise-level data database architecture and management strategies.
want to get hands-on experience with modern data and visualization tools to solve real business problems.
creating interactive dashboards using a business intelligence, bi, tool.
building communication skills in a professional setting.
problem solving skills.
communication skills.
data analysis, analytics.
data visualization.
experience with amazon web services, aws.
our support functions include hr, finance, information technology, legal, procurement, administration, facilities and security.
we are proud of our 125 years of service to humanity and continue to be one of the world’s biggest investors in research and development.
this person would be pulling data from teradata and sql server using the sql programming language
and we typically post our reports in excel or tableau.
and then once they get a feel for the data and processes, they move on to operationalizing reports, building tableau or excel to visualize the data.
knowledge of the sql programming language and being able to use excel is critical because all of our data sources use sql and most reporting is still in excel.
teradata is a form of sql programming so if your candidate knows sql we can teach them how to get to teradata, and tableau and automation are more if someone is not skilled in creating dashboards or automating data feeds we can usually work around what they are skilled at.
we collaborate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data pipelines, data products, data models, reports, analyses and machine learning applications.
research and develop state-of-the-art data mining and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player engagement.
drive needle moving improvements via hands-on exploration of data, dashboards, statistical analysis and predictive modeling.
drive requirements for data collection and for data modeling with data engineers.
bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field, statistics, applied mathematics, operational research, business intelligence or any other relevant field.
extensive knowledge of data analysis techniques, languages, software and systems, sas, r, matlab, python, spss, tableau, required.
extensive knowledge in sql, or a sql-like language, required.
experience with vertica and hadoop, an asset.
the ideal candidate will be a generalist, excited about performing the\xa0roles of a data steward, data visualization, and data engineer, and supporting the enterprise with data quality\xa0and transparency initiatives.
monitor the state of data quality within scope of responsibility.
establish goals for data quality improvement.
identify the best approaches for resolving data quality issues.
formulate business rules governing use of the data, perhaps including security and data life cycle management.
data visualization:
exposure to data quality concepts, best practices and tools.
communication and conflict resolution skills to help reconcile the different points of view and requirements that clash during cross-team and cross-organization efforts.
experience in scripting, data science languages, ideally sql, python and, or r. experience with building low-code applications in microsoft powerapps, flow, and, or other applications
experience with building data visualizations in microsoft powerbi, tableau, and, or other applications.
experience with business applications, microsoft excel, access and office suite.
experience with software development or programming a plus.
the primary directive for the person who fills this position will be taking responsibility for how the looker bi platform is utilized.
\xa0this includes building explores from our aws-hosted data sources, web analytics, shopify, marketing platform data, etc, and the views, looks and dashboards that flow from them.
the related secondary goal will be helping us consolidate and optimize the data we store in our redshift data store.
intermediate experience with sql, hive or like database querying language.
experience and, or desire and aptitude to learn etl scripting for our redshift data store and shopify.
experience with bi, data visualization platforms such as tableau, power bi or datorama is highly desirable.
strong project management and communication skills.
research and recommend enhancements to web design, functions and crm systems.
we are seeking an energized project manager, data analyst with healthcare and finance experience to join the siemens financial services group.
the position has a significant strategic impact on the overall success of sfs cof healthcare in the u. s. in close collaboration with the business, you will drive strategies and programs, initiatives to ensure achievement of goals through comprehensive data analysis, development of campaigns, reporting and controlling.
work closely with the sfs cof hc sales head and business development manager.
program manage the promotion initiatives including development of promotions through engagement of different teams, driving the communication and measuring the success of the promotions.
support the develop of go to market plans and initiatives based on data analysis, to address emerging customer trends and support the integration of financing alternatives into the sales process, focus on value-based offering.
advanced knowledge of word, excel, power point, etc.
california privacy notice.
parker aerospace is a global leader in the research, design, integration, manufacture, certification, and lifetime service of flight control, hydraulic, fuel and inerting, fluid conveyance, thermal management, lubrication, and pneumatic systems and components for aerospace and other high-technology markets.
we are looking for a business intelligence analyst – data visualization who will be the vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives.
the analyst may also assist the business in implementing new solutions by determining and documenting the requirements of a project, program or function.
participate in evaluating new technologies to ensure the advancement of technology architecture and data within organization business intelligence needs.
1-4 years of data analysis experience.
expertise in delivery technologies and data access, including familiarity with metadata, data organization, data integration, data quality assessment and data profiling.
working knowledge of data preparation, governance and quality.
proven experience in eliciting requirements and testing.
ability to independently, resourcefully, and creatively research and implement new solutions.
interpersonal communication skills.
experience with excel analytics, webfocus, sql server or similar.
1-2 years of power bi and tableau experience is preferred.
data management and reporting.
develop data quality rules inclusive of developing, measuring and implement data governance standards.
collaborate with it to ensure data warehouse, s,
high degree of business curiosity; quick learner with a proactive and agile mindset.
exceptional communication skills, written and verbal, ; leading and presenting complex materials for various audiences.
minimum of six years’ experience with data management, data integrity, data warehouse architecture and design.
minimum of six years’ experience with manufacturing bi reporting or related industry reporting.
experience with sql server, master data, jde, mes.
microsoft certifications in access, sql databases.
the applications team is a multi-discipline group specifically tasked with using technology and creative skills to solve challenging business problems and provide support across all brands in the organization, as a data analyst, you will play a critical role in supporting our erp system and data warehouse.
solid sql skills, t-sql, ssis, ssrs, are highly desired for this role for performing etl activities, creating dashboards and reports, bulk updates, and digging deeper into complex cases as needed.
perform data analysis activities, t-sql, ssis, ssrs, to support erp system and data warehouse.
develop, enhance sql and power bi reports, dashboards.
develop and run bulk sql upload scripts, update stored procedures and views as required.
performance tuning and optimization using monitoring and troubleshooting tools.
working knowledge of microsoft sql server.
excellent verbal communication and written skills.
3+ years of experience supporting production sql databases, t-sql, ssis, ssrs.
experience with microsoft power bi.
extract data from various databases to include but not limited to nmd, nde, oars, fsc, mrdb, corona, mfom, nipr, sipr, edfs, elar, earrts, vamosc, logiquest, one touch, haystack, and ships csmps to perform exploratory data analysis.
two years of experience in data analysis support for complex projects.
proficient and experienced with microsoft office, especially with access, excel and powerpoint.
security clearance: secret.
develop, maintain, and troubleshoot complex scripts and reports developed using sql, microsoft excel, or other analytics tools.
research key business problems and proactively identify opportunities for cost and utilization improvements through quantitative analysis.
education, experience, bachelors degree in business, economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial science, public health, health informatics, healthcare administration, finance or related field or equivalent experience.
5+ years of experience working with large databases, data verification, and data management or 3+ years it experience.
experience with table creation and indexing, query optimization, and utilization of stored procedures.
knowledge of query development using sql or other coding languages.
knowledge of basic statistical, analytical, or data mining techniques including basic data modeling, trend analysis, and root-cause analysis preferred.
working knowledge of analytical tools, including r, python, sas, arcgis, qgis, microstrategy, tableau, hadoop, or related tools preferred.
working knowledge of automation capabilities such as batch processes, stored procedures, scripting languages, microstrategy, or other tools preferred, experience with report, dashboard development, data, report automation, self-service capabilities, data design and integration, or data quality and governance preferred.
the candidate must possess superior math, accounting skills, demonstrate a high attention to detail, show an aptitude for working with various datasets, be an excellent communicator, be a fast learner, and have a strong desire to excel.
must have strong microsoft excel skills, exam will be given to evaluate skillset.
excellent communication skills both written and verbal.
knowledge of beginner-level sql preferred; and. must be willing to work overtime as and when business demands arise.
centauri is a system engineering and software development company operating principally in the federal government sector, and headquartered in chantilly, virginia with offices nationwide.
working knowledge of applied mathematics, probability and statistics, multivariate calculus, linear algebra, ordinary and partial differential equations, stochastic processes, and computer programming, languages such as python, labview, c, matlab.
knowledge of research design principles is a plus.
this position will provide information to leadership regarding the state of our operations and require the access, manipulation, and reporting on healthcare claims and administrative data in our data warehouse.
manipulate and build large datasets from data sources, claims and encounter data, to support analyses through use of efficient sas, sql code which will produce answers to complex business questions.
deploy complex qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques utilizing sas and sql.
develop project-specific analytic plans, data manipulation and collection efforts; may include: claims analysis, interviews, focus groups, and surveys involving clients, state agency personnel, and other key informants.
create testing measures and, or algorithms to test and analyze large amounts of data.
design and implement data management and quality control procedures, including writing technical requirements and documentation of data sets.
prepare and deliver all data analysis reports.
develop and present summary reports, ongoing project evaluations and oral and written presentations as requested by client, stakeholders and senior leaders to better inform decision making.
communicate with all appropriate parties to ensure that the project’s objectives, scope, and expected deliverables of each project phase are understood.
plan, coordinate, and review activities related to data collection and analysis to meet deadlines.
advanced knowledge and use of data mining software tools such as sas, sql, or tableau.
advanced sas, sql programming skills.
demonstrated ability to research issues and resources.
excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
this role will have a direct and measurable impact on the growth and scale of the organization driven by data, research, analytics and execution.
maintain a pulse on industry efforts and disruptive technologies, and champion solutions to further ware2go’s position as a thought leader, promote the long-term vision that supports ware2go’s business strategy as the marketplace evolves and new products are introduced, \xa0will own testing and requirements gathering for data ingestion and model building\xa0.
model building--spending time to build scalable models according to project and stakeholder needs.
data imputation + qa--working with data in various forms, data lake, sql, raw, to input into models.
data collection--working with various apis and external data sources to automate data ingestion.
data management--working with our cloud data team to ensure data supports ongoing analysis.
undergraduate degree in computer science, statistics, engineering or other quantitative field.
superior written and oral communication skills.
expert proficiency in excel and data visualization\xa0.
strong knowledge in analytics, data science, and statistics for designing and developing solutions to business problems.
working knowledge of database software and reporting tools, such as python, sql, tableau, data studio, etc.
ability to work with messy, or unstructured data sets.
understanding of the principles of statistics and analytical methodology.
experience with statistical software, sas, r, etc.
practical experience with data mining and analytics, database structure and etl, predictive modeling, machine learning, and statistical programming languages.
developing and implementing\xa0data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
support the development of the analytical data warehouse, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of data.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
technical experience regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
strong knowledge and application of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, r, python.
superior communication skills and strong attention to detail.
collaborate with business process owners to describe and document critical business processes and work with the project management office to formulate technical requirements.
collaborate with project management to provide data expertise and perspective on key mission projects.
proficiency in modern business intelligence tools preferred, information builder, tableau, powerbi, etc.
strong interpersonal, communication and problem-solving skills needed.
experience with relational databases and, or sql is a plus.
the first is analysis to support the daily operations of campaigns targeted at obtaining primary source attestations of data quality.
the second is analysis to support the development of data management and governance rules that can be applied to create a high quality, high integrity master data set that acts as the foundation of all quest products.
the ideal candidate will have the technical skills to access and manage the data, the analytical skills to draw insights that directly address business problems and needs, and the communication skills to share those insights with both business and technical audiences.
providing actionable recommendations for improving data quality or integrity.
experience with data tools such as databricks and spark.
intermediate to advanced sql skills.
familiarity with best practices of data management and governance.
strong communication skills.
experience with bi tools such as looker.
experience with python, r, scala, or java preferred.
manipulate and build large datasets from data sources, claims and encounter data, to support analyses through use of efficient sas, sql code which will produce answers to complex business questions.
deploy complex qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques utilizing sas and sql.
develop project-specific analytic plans, data manipulation and collection efforts; may include: claims analysis, interviews, focus groups, and surveys involving clients, state agency personnel, and other key informants.
create testing measures and, or algorithms to test and analyze large amounts of data.
design and implement data management and quality control procedures, including writing technical requirements and documentation of data sets.
prepare and deliver all data analysis reports.
develop and present summary reports, ongoing project evaluations and oral and written presentations as requested by client, stakeholders and senior leaders to better inform decision making.
communicate with all appropriate parties to ensure that the project’s objectives, scope, and expected deliverables of each project phase are understood.
plan, coordinate, and review activities related to data collection and analysis to meet deadlines.
advanced knowledge and use of data mining software tools such as sas, sql, or tableau.
advanced sas, sql programming skills.
demonstrated ability to research issues and resources.
excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
must have strong data management experience.
must have strong communication skills.
our goal is to deliver innovative solutions using an agile, mission-first approach to address the most difficult technical challenges facing our customers.
the only way that we can tackle these challenges is by recruiting the brightest minds in the industry to join our team, centauri is a system engineering and software development company operating principally in the federal government sector, and headquartered in chantilly, virginia with offices nationwide.
experience in designing and testing accounting, financial databases is strongly.
the data quality analyst performs forensic research into corporations in support of the commercial data team and marketing data services customers, updating data on individual locations and full corporate hierarchies to ensure accurate, high-quality results are delivered to clients.
a bachelors degree is required; an advanced degree in history or a research-heavy humanities discipline is helpful.
use python to create programs that will enhance investment research.
advanced knowledge in python, excel, and other tools.
experience working with large data sets and data visualization.
you will apply your passion for problem solving, planning and execution through data-based decision making.
drive data analysis projects to improve operational kpis.
create systems to ensure operational data quality and integrity, collaborate with market leaders to understand all aspects of veos business and support their efficiency initiatives, \xa0.
obsesses over data quality, data analysis, and statistical modeling.
sql proficient with experience in python, power bi, tableau or r. thorough understanding of statistical reasoning.
exceptional project management abilities.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
strategic thinker with a bias for execution.
business development.
technogen, inc. is a proven leader in providing full it services, software development and solutions for 15 years.
tableau ability to do data extractions data validations data analysis data testing plusses hadoop andor data lake.
the concentration will be on doing data analysis in tableau based reports.
participates in transforming strategic enterprise architecture and design principles into specific system requirements and specifications.
technogen, inc. is a proven leader in providing full it services, software development and solutions for 15 years.
the concentration will be on doing data analysis in tableau based reports.
participates in transforming strategic enterprise architecture and design principles into specific system requirements and specifications.
demonstrated experience with tableau desktop.
experience working with sql databases-related data processes and ssrs.
experience in agile methodologies and tools.
experience in data analysis and solving business problems using data sets.
must have strong problem-solving skills, business acumen, and demonstrated excellent oral and written communication skills.
bachelor’s degree in, data science, scientific, engineering, math, or related, and 3+ years relevant experience as a bi, data analyst.
the intermediate analyst completes work through an iterative communication process with requestors to ensure work products achieve the desired outcomes.
take initiative to advance company use of data and statistics.
strong knowledge of and experience with sql, structure query language.
experience with reporting and visualization tools services, tableau, power bi, ssrs, crystal reports.
experience developing relational databases, sql server, mysql, mariadb.
coding, programming experience, r, python, or other modern languages.
educational or experiential background in statistics.
develop and manage portfolio of interactive and snapshot dashboards and reports using tableau prep builder, tableau desktop, tableau server, excel and other tools to help team members across various departments and roles, ceo, manager, contributor, to clearly and quickly gain insight into metrics relevant to key decisions that need to be made.
perform validation exercises to assure data warehouse data accuracy by comparing alternative sources of data and identifying root cause for data accuracy issues.
support implementation of and work within a tableau server environment to build, deploy and automate various analyses and dashboard reports.
collaborate with enterprise data technology team in all aspects, needs of data warehouse creation and business intelligence tool creation.
develop and implement data collection systems and strategies that optimize efficiency and data quality.
3+ years of experience working with\u202frelational databases, data transformation, queries, customer facing processes and data dashboarding in tableau and excel is necessary.
technical expertise working with data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
proficient in business-logic data transformations, experience with tableau prep builder a plus.
you’ll have the opportunity to explore over 30pb of data, stored in a variety of formats and requiring high level sql and some spark skills to wrangle.
write efficient sql and spark code to arrive at insights.
balance independent and collaborative work as a part of a multi-functional agile team.
expert sql skills at scale.
expert interpersonal skills and communication, presentations and dashboards.
experience with tableau.
experience with spark is a big plus.
familiarity with python is preferred.
experience working in the cloud, aws, is a plus.
responsible for conducting research and data analysis for a variety of organizational projects and initiatives.
picks up basic data visualization and programming skills to assist the senior analyst and di manager on special projects.
may coordinate and assign tasks to co-workers within a work unit and, or project.
research.
the ideal candidate passionate about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and experimentation possesses education in related fields, computer science, computer engineering, mathematical engineering, information systems, has experience of standard database reporting and query tools and a knowledge of writing queries with sql knowledge of analytics platforms, such as spotfire and tableau, and visualization and visualization techniques and concepts is essential.
knowledge of r, python and advanced analytics is an advantage has expertise in translating complex business requirements into relevant solutions required qualifications.
you have a masterrsquos degree in computer science, engineering or equivalent 8 to 10 years data analysis and analytics experience with various types of software development life cycle methodologies and technologies.
we are seeking a data analyst for our trade forensics and regulatory consulting practice in arlington, va office to perform project-based work involving both programmatic compliance and derivatives trading forensics.
these projects range in duration from several months to several years, with project needs varying accordingly; these projects are not generally embedded with the client for any substantial time but may require substantial periodic travel.
assist in maintaining project management artifacts.
assist in developing software, sas macros, python scripts, etc, to conduct analysis.
you will be immediately engaged in project delivery and encouraged to ask questions to accelerate your learning.
strong presentation and communication skills.
proficiency in programming in any combination of sas, jmp, python, r, or any scripting or compiled language; and.
proficiency in any combination of ms excel, tableau, microstrategy, or similar products.
at least one degree that is either or both heavily quantitative, statistics, data science, predictive analytics, computer science, financial engineering, quantitative economics, etc, or in a natural science; and.
programming experience in sas, especially enterprise guide using macros or stored processes.
research
executing data analytics, data quality engineering or data research 4.
cases strong understanding of data science landscape and big data.
data management, acquisition and enhancement with the goal of providing new.
ensuring data quality, segmentation.
and security of data digitally is in place.
data analysis specialist.
leads efforts to maintain a database of education related data and to conduct data analysis and reporting used to facilitate strategic decisions by the dean and his leadership team.
the position is the central repository of valid data and evaluates the data for enrollment reporting, rankings submissions, and business development efforts across thunderbird.
conducts research and modeling to support digital lead generation efforts, and works closely with student success, branding and communications, and student success.
maintains databases and related programs in a thorough and efficient manner, ensuring data quality.
uses predictive modeling, statistics, trend analysis and other data analysis techniques to explore data and to answer specific research questions.
utilizes effective project planning techniques to break down projects into tasks and ensure deadlines are met.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer information systems, business information or a related field and three, 3, years of related administrative, data analysis experience, or, any equivalent combination of experience and, or education from which comparable knowledge, skills and abilities have been achieved.
knowledge of tableau.
proficient in the use of sql, data visualizations, database software and statistical programs.
knowledge of statistical analysis, database architecture, data mining and predictive modeling tools and techniques.
ability to supervise staff and direct research projects in an efficient and timely manner.
it is one of the top business schools in the country, highly ranked for academics, practical research, and student outcomes.
its research is inspired by real world application blurring the boundaries that traditionally separate academic disciplines.
notice of availability of the asu annual security and fire safety report.
in compliance with federal law, asu prepares an annual report on campus security and fire safety programs and resources.
asu’s annual security and fire safety report is available online at https, www.
experience managing large scale enterprise data warehouse, analytics projects or data governance projects.
participate as a key member of a team of business analysts, architects, report developers, data analyst, etl engineers, and practice leads to perform project management duties.
manage scope and schedule of the project.
experience with best practices of agile and scrum.
prior enterprise data warehouse, analytics\xa0project experience.
manage competing demands relevant to the scope, schedule, cost, risk, and quality of the project.
ability to ensure project quality management through periodic project progress, process, and, or product reviews against established standards.
possess excellent communication skills and strong managerial courage.
data analyst for an enterprise big data and analytics platform that utilizes emerging technology to ingest data in real-time at extreme volumes and high velocity; support data mining, data analysis, and data visualization.
versatile data analyst - able to support data analysis needs in a software development lifecycle and in a business support capacity to find data insights to solve a business problem.
in a software development lifecycle - provide inputs into data arch design, analyze data outputs to validate data quality and communicate gaps to the development team; validate sit and cat results to ensure product meets acceptance criteria; support production data validation and investigations.
detail oriented with strong analytical and problem solving skills.
sql or other structured query languages.
data visualization, qlik.
experienced with querying and exploring data within a nosql data platform, hadoop, hive.
**must be able to obtain and maintain required security clearance for duration of the contract.
strong oral and written communication skills.
demonstrates proficiency in microsoft office products, especially word and excel.
develop analytical and optimization models, tools to solve business challenges and improve efficiency using statistical and machine learning methods.
perform data analysis, coding and causation, attribution, correlation identifying key insights to help decisions and business strategy.
design effective user interface, visualization that translate critical and complex data to a concise and useful format, summarize key findings for data providers, nic, stratodem, etc, monthly, quarterly webinar and reporting.
perform research and ad hoc analysis that impact segments performance, such as legislation, regulation, flu, etc, stay current with the latest technology trends and seek innovation.
position requirements, bachelors or masters in business, finance, economics, statistics, applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, or other relevant field, 2+ year full-time experience in analytics, modeling, optimization, and machine learning algorithms.
2+ year full-time experience with data mining and strong knowledge of regression and linear analysis.
experience with bi, data visualization tools and third-party api integration.
experience in developing, implementing and maintaining database and programs to manage data analysis efforts.
effective written and oral communication skills and ability to concisely explain methods, reasoning, conclusions.
be agile.
the data analyst will utilize data analysis techniques and healthcare domain knowledge to analyze and synthesize data, construct data analytics processes, and develop information necessary to guide change healthcare’s clients in their business decision making process.
this position requires analytical skills and the ability to independently research business, technical, and application-related questions.
this analyst will be responsible for the creation of custom reports and custom analytics using sql as well as other data analysis and visualization tools.
the candidate should have good communication skills to work with clients and internal resources.
coordinate the research of client data and collaborate with business leaders to provide actionable insights, design strategies, or recommend changes.
participate in the advancement of improved efficiency and effectiveness of change healthcare’s risk analytics algorithms.
builds analytical models for automated data analysis and predictive insights.
creates data visualizations for end users including the use of dashboards, tableau, or user interfaces, powerapps or other web-based interface.
actively works to overcome project barriers, and follows up with stakeholders on status.
must have experience with sql and at least one object-oriented programming language.
strong personal computer literacy required including working knowledge of relevant software statistic packages and visualization suites.
ba or bs degree in a quantitative discipline such as management information systems, statistics, applied mathematics, analytics or computer science.
experience with python, visualization suites- power bi, spotfire, tableau, etc.
ability to work with large amounts of data, including checks for integrity, summation, and effective communication, written and verbal, to internal and external constituents.
experience with oracle pl, sql is a plus.
excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills.
“self-starter” attitude with the ability to excel in dynamic work environments.
change healthcare maintains a drug free workplace and conducts pre-employment drug-testing, where applicable, in accordance with federal, state and local laws.
your experience will include translating business needs into analytic questions, using python, sas and sql to access data and develop tableau dashboards.
accessing data, designing summary data layers and constructing and manipulating large datasets to support planned analyses, using python, sas, sql and similar tools.
building dynamic dashboards using tableau.
performing testing and validation of summary data layers and reporting tools to ensure the results match the expected outcome.
conducting analyses of the data, ranging from descriptive reports to univariate statistical analyses to regression modeling.
constructing and delivering written reports of the analytic findings in a variety of formats, reports, ppt, including visualization of data and findings, formulate recommendations, and effectively presenting the results to non-analytic audiences.
minimum of 1 years* of experience in healthcare data analysis constructing analytical solutions to business problems, including experience with administrative claims data such as pharmacy or medical claims.
minimum of 2 years of experience using sql or sas or python to access, extract, manipulate and summarize data.
experience as a project lead with cross-functional teams to develop innovative analytic approaches leveraging all available internal and external data sources.
excellent project management skills and ability to deliver in the fast-paced evolving environment.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience building tableau dashboards to reflect business analytic needs.
experience developing, testing, documenting and maintaining standardized outcome metrics meeting diverse business needs.
experience developing, implementing, testing, and maintaining methodologies for standardized and repeatable reporting for internal and external audiences.
business development.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, analytics, statistics, business administration or computer science.
strong sql skills.
we work with mysql, python, r, excel, and more, though no prior knowledge of programming is required, were looking for analytical thinkers interested in scaling our business and using big data to give our users the best experience across our platform, come help us solve cool problems and grow the startup, what were looking for, b. a, b. s. in mathematics, statistics, physics, or another quantitative field.
general understanding of market segmentation, sizing and statistics.
experience with or desire to learn r, mysql, python, and more.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, grbvss6tow.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, nw7cm3muwf.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, wcqixe6epc.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, hetwm6hdil.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, khrat4wo9x.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, rbvjmey8pb.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, gvn6w9lib2.
maintaining and monitoring project plans, project schedules, work hours, and budgets.
sharing relevant documentation and reports with project team.
determining project changes.
ensuring project adheres to frameworks and all documentation is maintained properly for each project.
coordinating with key stakeholders involved in the project, such as executives, external vendor.
problem solving and time management skills.
highly organized, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, 0j03hrotol.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, qzxnbmpwio.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, mt6fhjs9zo.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, mtwsco06ah. seniority level.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, nfkbk5d83h.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, oran7bjipu.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, 2iwuqqidlb.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, snxrixnc8d.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, uapazgzddl.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings, masters in computer science or engineering management or project management or information systems, technology, preferred, ufwmsuazjc.
this includes survey support from data collection through analysis and ultimately report publication.
relevant experience with dataset creation, dataset manipulation, relational database concepts, or data visualization.
proficiency with database technologies, oracle, sql, statistical software, sas enterprise, r, or bi toolsets, jaspersoft,
ms power bi.
need strong sql, excel, visualization tool like tableau, or
power bi.
r, python or sas a plus.
research, analyze, present results, and recommend intelligent solutions to solve problems and address business challenges by applying a knowledge of medical claims analysis, critical-thinking skills, and healthcare experience, expertise.
write sql queries, create end-user reports, and apply varying analytical techniques to solve specific business problems.
undergraduate degree is required, master’s preferred in math, statistics, computer science, or other related quantitative field.
reasonable experience with structured query language, sql, required.
experience in data mining, statistical analysis, and data transformation, manipulation.
expertise in ms excel, with proficiency using formulas, pivottables, linked worksheets, graphing and other reporting and presentation features.
ability to tell a succinct, meaningful, and actionable story with data using visualization and other techniques.
this position will be working closely with business smes, operations research and will be learning, leveraging ai tools and techniques.
lead level experience providing technical and functional guidance hands on and expert experience with enterprise data visualization tools like tableau and, or power bi leveraging azure ai platform tools like databricks and auto ml, etc.
experience with relational database management system development.
solid analysis and problem-solving skills able to build analytics solution including data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, testing and implementation.
able to adapt to fast-paced working environment preferred experience project leadership experience leading collaborative efforts masters degree in management information systems, computer science or equivalent.
ability to write code in python, java and r job summary: provide specialization in advanced analytics to extract insight from information by iterating rapidly, to summarize, and visualize large data sets.
this position will be working closely with business smes, operations research and will be learning, leveraging ai tools and techniques.
lead level experience providing technical and functional guidance hands on and expert experience with enterprise data visualization tools like tableau and, or power bi leveraging azure ai platform tools like databricks and auto ml, etc.
experience with relational database management system development.
solid analysis and problem-solving skills able to build analytics solution including data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, testing and implementation.
able to adapt to fast-paced working environment preferred experience project leadership experience leading collaborative efforts masters degree in management information systems, computer science or equivalent.
ability to write code in python, java and r, seniority level.
brings structure to business requests, translates requirements into an analytical project approach, and leads projects through completion.
acquires and compiles structured and unstructured data and verifies its quality, accuracy and reasonableness.
research.
the data science team works on projects to help the department of the navy and other government agencies to develop advanced analytics and algorithms for systems, sensors, networks, and platforms to ensure americas defense in the 21st century.
dst researchers have relevant experience, either in course work, previous job experience, or military experience, in programming, machine learning, model building, and data visualization, job decription, duties, data analysts i in the data science program work on projects to develop advanced analytics and algorithms for the department of the navy and other government agencies to ensure americas defense in the 21st century.
leverage r and, or python to develop machine learning models for, regression, classification, natural language processing, and, or image recognition.
conduct exploratory data analysis, eda, to include the use of data visualizations, dash, matplotlib, r shiny, ggplot2, power bi, etc, correlations, empirical, theoretical distributions of data, and summary statistics.
6. apply statistical methods including descriptive and inferential techniques using parametric and nonparametric statistics.
skills: ability to construct effective briefings using ms powerpoint and intermediate skills with ms word and excel and other standard software packages.
ability to apply machine learning techniques, building models, statistical, mathematical, simulation, etc, in programming languages such as r or python.
ability to analyze complex datasets using effective visualizations of data in achieved results; skilled in programming, statistics, machine learning, and data visualization.
other: ability to obtain and maintain an active security clearance.
individuals will also be subject to an additional government background investigation, and continued employment eligibility is contingent upon the ability to obtain and maintain an active security clearance.
you will be responsible for developing predictive models that provide our business units with reliable insights and visualization.
a, b test models in production to evaluate performance.
develop and maintain a testing framework for monitoring short and long term results of predictive models.
experience prototyping models in excel.
experience in tools used for data analysis and reporting, sql, python, excel, tableau.
clear written and oral communication skills.
understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms.
this role is embedded with product management and is responsible for delivering product insights that drive optimization, iteration, and growth for the workhuman cloud product suite.
in addition to direct responsibility for product analytics, this role is expected to contribute to our broader analytics team and company data culture by sharing learnings, partnering with others and building new capabilities for transformational data driven decision-making, this is an excellent opportunity for an entrepreneurial, analytical leader and problem-solver who enjoys building and is excited by the dynamics of an early-stage environment which requires balancing high-level strategy and long-term planning with agile and creative real-time problem solving.
the position will report to the director of digital analytics and optimization.
assist in prioritization and project management of cross-functional data needs and projects while proactively identifying additional areas in which analytics efforts can produce a strong value add to the business.
ba, bs with strong academic record, preferably in economics, mathematics, statistics, or other quantitative discipline preferred.
3-5 years of experience in analytical roles, preferably in a product analytics, strategy and, or optimization-focused role in a technology environment.
proficiency querying and analyzing large datasets, including relational and non-relational datastores; excel and sql, postgresql is a must, r, python a plus.
understanding of statistical methods for experimentation, a, b, n, mvt, regression modeling, ; experience with tools like optimizely, google optimize, vwo, adobe target, a plus.
demonstrated capability of designing, developing, and managing operational kpi dashboards; experience with tools like tableau, powerbi, looker, grafana a plus.
excellent communication and team-building skills; ability to package, translate, and present data to a variety of audiences and stakeholders.
4+ years of experience in data analysis and interpretation\xa0.
experience in coding using python.
strong with math, linear programming is a plus.
maintains proficiency and expertise in data applications and business software and reporting tools that include: microsoft office, word, excel, powerpoint and access, microsoft power bi, microsoft sql server and various modeling tools.
3+ years related operational and, or data analysis experience.
database and sql experience.
i performs activities related to database management, maintenanceof data integrity and security, and basic statistical analyses.
develop, maintain, and implement procedures for data entry, data cleaning, linking data, documentation, and other tasks.
implement best practices in data management to ensure the integrity of data and quality of data processes.
maintain knowledge of the current regulations and technologies related to data management.
maintain data integrity, and support data analysis, as necessary.
over 38, 000 employees strong, themission of the mount sinai health system is to provide compassionate patientcare with seamless coordination and to advance medicine through unrivalededucation, research, and outreach in the many diverse communities we serve.
assist in engineering predictive modeling solutions across different company operations.
this individual must be comfortable with database technologies, oracle, sql server.
familiarity with open sources programming languages r and python.
education and experience, 4 year, bachelors degree or equivalent work experience, 4 years of experience in lieu of bachelors, in accounting, minimum required, 3 - 5+ years of data analytics, data mining, and, or reporting experience that directly aligns to the responsibilities of this position, required.
familiarity with open sources programming languages r and python.
confident, comfortable communicator with strong written and verbal communication skills.
apply concepts such as probability, statistics, modeling, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical solutions.
proficiency with microsoft office suite, word, excel, powerpoint, outlook.
strong project management skills including, critical ability to coordinate and balance multiple projects in a time-sensitive environment, under pressure, and meeting deadlines.
the healthcare data analyst performs research and analysis of healthcare claims, enrollment, and other related data, to report on network utilization, cost structure, and, or quality, has an understanding of data sources, flow, and limitations, and is able to review and provide feedback on work done by other analysts.
assist with hedis and cahps data collection, validation, analyses and reporting10.
moda health seeks to allow equal employment opportunities for all qualified persons without regard to race, religion, color, age, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, marital status, disability, veteran status or any other status protected by law, eoe, m, f, d, v. required skills, degree in statistics, medical informatics, health economics, sciences, or public health preferred, minimum bachelors degree required and
experience in healthcare research, evaluations and quantitative analyses, with demonstrated ability to summarize and synthesize complex data and information to identify trends and patterns, pinpoint issues and areas for improvement, recommend solutions and alternatives.
proficiency with microsoft office and reporting software, experience, skills of sas, modeling and web reporting tools preferred, minimum 2 years experience with healthcare data or other large datasets, systems.
strong interpersonal communication, verbal and technical writing skills.
project a professional business image telephonically and in person.
maintain all record confidentiality and privacy according to hipaa regulations.
partners with core it team and faculty practice operations staff in strategies and goals to leverage technology for continual data quality enhancements, process improvements and automations.
manages and adheres to data governance principles and standards in partnership with departments, data users, information services and reporting for consistent data definitions, permissions and accessibility.
ensures data-related business requirements are clearly defined, communicated and understood as part of data project prioritization and planning.
requirements, education: bachelors degree with a minimum of 2-3 years related work experience, experience: prior data quality or data integrity experience preferred.
strong research, data interpretation and analytical skills.
project management.
1+ year, s, of experience in a data analyst, business analyst or similar role using sql and, or python, r focused on product analytics.
sql fluency with experience using a scripting language like python or r. strong excel fundamentals a plus.
next level communication skills and empathy to understand and discover business pain points and build solutions to improve the user experience at all levels of the global trade process.
performs all aspects of the data cleaning process, with minimal supervision, in accordance with gcp and sops, wpds in order to assess the safety and efficacy of investigational products and, or medical devices.
supports the setup of study activities such as database design, testing of data entry screens, and data validation manual, dvm, creation, as required.
contributes to the improvement of data management processes on a global level.
produces project-specific status reports for cdm management and, or clients on a regular basis.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
good written and verbal communication skills.
must be able to set and meet timelines or be able to negotiate schedule changes in response to project demands.
understands project protocol and dvm.
strong data analysis skills.
proficient in manipulating, analyzing and visualizing data using ms excel; including pivot tables and functions.
basic sql knowledge.
the ability to run and modify existing sql scripts.
ability to own and complete projects, tasks with minimal guidelines and supervision; proactive and tenacious with problem solving.
prefer some familiarity with a programming language such as visual basic for applications, vba, 6, javascript, or python.
job responsibilities include: the data analyst will be responsible for supporting team members designing, engineering, and testing multiple data systems platforms.
this position will require utilization of various data visualization toolsets and some dashboard development.
familiarity with testing and analysis of developed solutions.
experience in dashboard and data visualization tool development.
knowledge of big data platforms, specifically aws cloud environment.
experience with data analysis in a game development environment.
good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, required education: candidates should possess a bachelors degree in engineering, computer science, math, or physics however, experience may be substituted for a degree, eligibility: candidates must have the ability to obtain and maintain a dod secret clearance.
1-3 years of sql or access database required.
1-3 years of excel required.
strong attention to detail and quality of data research and readiness.
, maintains a contract with the national nuclear security administration, nnsa, office of safety, infrastructure, and operations, na-50.
less than, p, less thanp, na-50 works to enable safe operations, ensure effective infrastructure and provide enterprise services to meet the 21st century nuclear security enterprise, nse, enterprise needs.
less than, p, less thanp, the data analyst position requires a background in project management, financial management, business operations, quality analysis, assurance, and, or data analytics, to manage infrastructure data and databases.
essential functions include:less than, p, less thanul, less thanli, conduct program data analysis, interpret data, and analyze data results for na-521 leadership and staffless than, li, less thanli, identify and analyze trends in complex data setsless than, li, less thanli, support analyses for na-521 programs and key deliverablesless than, li, less thanli, conduct data quality reviewsless than, li, less thanli, support the development of reports and briefings drawing on data analysisless than, li, less thanli, all other duties as assignedless than, li, less than, ul, less thanp, less thanstrong, minimum qualificationsless than, strong, less than, p, less thanul, less thanli, college graduate bacheloris degree.
less than, li, less thanli, at least 2 yearsi data analysis experienceless than, li, less thanli, strong excel skillsless than, li, less thanli, excellent attention to detailless than, li, less thanli, strong analytical skills with ability to collect, synthesize, and interpret data and present findingsless than, li, less thanli, database management experienceless than, li, less thanli, experience working with large data setsless than, li, less thanli, experience with working quality assurance productsless than, li, less thanli, knowledge of federal government programsless than, li, less thanli, adaptable and willing to work in a fast paced, hard-working officeless than, li,
less thanli, excellent team playerless than, li, less thanli, ability to obtain and maintain a doe l or q security clearanceless than, li, less than, ul, less thanp, less thanstrong, preferred qualificationsless than, strong, less than, p, less thanul, less thanli, prior experience working federal government programsless than, li, less thanli, experience with conducting data analysis of facilities and infrastructureless than, li, less thanli, familiarity with nnsa mando modelless than, li, less thanli, knowledge and experience with builder softwareless than, li, less thanli, experience using sharepointless than, li, less thanli, knowledge and experience with other data analysis software, tableau, powerbi, less than, li, less thanli, masteris degree in public policy, business, program management, project management, or related fieldless than,
the senior data analyst role will support the team, delivering key data management activities.
this role will work with stakeholders to understand business objectives, research data sources, and use appropriate tools, techniques.
performs ongoing assessment and maintenance of high standards of data integrity and quality throughout the department’s data collection-to-reporting pipeline, as well as implementation of new technologies.
experience in writing complex sql queries and scripts.
experience working on mysql, sql server is a plus.
data governance is a plus.
experience in an agile development methodology.
knowledge and familiarity with database security concepts and standard methodologies.
deep understanding of data management best practices, including analytics, sql, data management, file management, reference data management, etc.
familiarity with data warehouse modeling concepts.
research best business practices within and outside the organization to establish benchmark data.
excellent communication skills, both written and oral-
complete data collection and analysis, data processing, data validation, and data cleansing on data provided from air force units.
coordinate and communicate through email and phone calls with field-level airmen across the air force to provide guidance and assistance for support equipment data collection and the serialized marking of equipment.
highly proficient with computers and software applications to include ms office product, word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, etc.
technical expertise in data analysis, data accuracy, and data quality.
strong verbal and written communication skills; application of communicative interpersonal skills.
the actuarial data analyst assists actuarial analysts and management with providing decision support and recommendations for complex matters related to rate filings, reserving, capitation and forecasting.
minimum required, bachelors degree in business administration, information systems, business statistics and analytics, mathematics or related field, preferred, optional.
we bring together research, education, a childrens hospital, primary care and numerous subspecialties to deliver outstanding health care at the highest level.
have worked it in data analysis projects and hands on with sql queries and running the data.
semanticbits is looking for a data analyst with experience in healthcare who is eager to use their domain knowledge and their skills in bi tools, sql, and programming to rapidly turn data into insights.
intermediate, expert skills with sql and basic statistics.
demonstrable expertise in python programming.
strong problem solving and structuring skills.
strong technical communication skills; both written and verbal.
one or more bi tools, such as superset, tableau, microstrategy, looker, etc.
experience with agile methodology, story grooming and estimation and sprint process.
data concepts specializes in executing project solutions with expertise in java, microsoft, open source, analytics, cloud and mobile technologies, aws, and azure.
expertise: java, microsoft, mobile, open source, microservices, and big data.
services: strategy, development, ui, ux design, modernization, cloud, pmo, network engineering, security engineering, and enterprise system administration.
as a data architect, you will use cutting edge cloud and data technologies to help visualize the data, bachelors degree in an it-related field and six years of experience experience in developing architectures, frameworks, methodologies, processes, and tools extensive experience with the data lake analytics, data warehouse, data science experience using sas tools and technologies producing sas reports and analytical results proven experience developing dashboards, enabling users to create, maintain, and view dashboards to monitor key performance indicators experience in data ingestion tools and technologies.
experience in business process analysis data architecture, engineering, and modeling data science ndash deep learning, machine learning, prescriptive, predictive background with data science tools such as r, python, exposure to aws, amazon web services.
providing mathematical algorithms and implementations to serve the needs of data analysis workflows
in\xa0 sas platform.
understanding customer business challenges and sourcing the most appropriate data sets, algorithms, and architectures\xa0 to solve them quickly and cost-effectively.
refactor algorithms created by our data scientists into production-quality and operational code.
interacting directly with client project team members and operational staff to support live customer deployments.
2+ years’ experience in an academic or professional setting using one or more of the following analytical tools sas, sql or r, mid-level, 3+ years experience in an academic or professional setting using one or more of the following analytical tools sas, sql or r, senior, 2+ years’ experience in an analytics setting, or a combination of higher education and experience, mid-level.
computer and network security.
the digital harbor team is a unique combination of sharp techies, agile business executives and a smart management group with the kind of vision and market experience needed to navigate a constantly evolving world.
strong experience with a database system such as ms sql or oracle.
strong experience in creating, analyzing, and executing sql scripts, triggers, stored procedures, and views.
you also understand industry best practices for security and efficiency with respect to the database system.
ability to research data issues experience with configuring databases to support various activities related to the system.
helpful qualifications: a working knowledge of web application servers a working knowledge of java, xml, html a working knowledge of network technology a working knowledge of document management systems experience with microsoft server required experience and education: a degree in computer science or information technology 2+ years of related work experience permanent about digital harbor: digital harbor inc, dhi, is a rapidly growing software company with proven risk and compliance management offerings.
the digital harbor team is a unique combination of sharp techies, agile business executives and a smart management group with the kind of vision and market experience needed to navigate a constantly evolving world.
strong experience with a database system such as ms sql or oracle.
strong experience in creating, analyzing, and executing sql scripts, triggers, stored procedures, and views.
you also understand industry best practices for security and efficiency with respect to the database system.
ability to research data issues experience with configuring databases to support various activities related to the system.
helpful qualifications: a working knowledge of web application servers a working knowledge of java, xml, html a working knowledge of network technology a working knowledge of document management systems experience with microsoft server required experience and education: a degree in computer science or information technology 2+ years of related work experience permanent.
data analysis services.
provide support in maintenance and diagnostics text data collection and analysis.
as an analyst, the contractor shall collect, input, edit, extract, consolidate, analyze, report, present and maintain historical information for the areas as assigned by the product line, analysis includes ability to write macros or other programs to scan large data files for identification of patterns or anomalies, forecasting trends based on data analysis of various mathematical and other means, linear trend, weibul analysis etc, the contractor shall collect, electronically transfer, file, organize and maintain a historical library of all data collected or submitted.
oral and written communication skills to prepare complete, logically arranged, and legally defensible technical documents for incorporation into contracts are essential.
conexess group is aiding a nashville based client in their search for a sql data analyst.
may review new or modified sql code.
experience with sql server 2012, 2016 and ssms.
production support of sql server data warehouse and job execution.
support testing and defect resolution through data analysis.
sql server database coding understanding – stored procedures, jobs, etc.
we are looking for someone who is passionate about asking and answering questions utilizing large structured and unstructured data.
the responsibilities of the data analyst start from the initial project planning and progress to the analysis, design, implementation, testing, release and maintenance of our customer projects.
conduct etl and dashboard testing.
bachelor’s degree in business, finance, information technology, computer science, statistics, mathematics, analytics, related field or equivalent combination of education and experience.
sql experience.
experience working in an agile software development environment.
report quality assurance issues to the implementation project manager for resolution.
work collaboratively as part multiple customer on-boarding project teams.
strong ms excel skills and experience in data manipulation and validation using various formulas, functions, ie: vlookup, trim, etc.
with 65m+ global panel, a publisher network of 300+ mobile apps, and the largest beacon graph on the market, x-mode supplies its products and services to hundreds of clients in various sectors: digital advertising, market research, location services, financial services, real estate, and smart cities.
as an industry leader in providing high-quality dense location data, x-mode takes the appropriate measures to put the right data privacy and protection policies in place as well as ensure we are transparent with our publishers and enterprise clients, x-mode is looking for a full-time data analyst to process and visualize data for client reporting and special projects in addition to improving automation for tasks with engineering and developing processes to evaluate and optimize data quality efficiently.
write complex sql queries in presto, athena to extract and process 4+ billion records, day from mobile device data.
leverage sql and excel to respond to ad hoc requests.
perform statistical analysis of spatial data in python and sql.
assist with etl development in python and sql.
who you are, bachelors degree in computer science or related technical areas like math, statistics, marketing, and, or other engineering degrees.
advanced sql skills.
superior excel skills.
proficient with python.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
familiarity with software development tools and platforms, git, linux, etc.
familiarity with aws and s3
conducts data analysis to assist health ministries and system office staff in defining key performance indicators, measurement and management improvement collaborates with it division regarding the system requirements and necessity for accurate, timely reports and access to claims information reviews national benchmarking studies, focused on claims and clinical loss prevention.
supports advance project management, improvement initiatives and tactical decisions, plans.
analyzes healthcare data from conceptualization through presentation of data and proficiency with analytical tools, knowledge of data analysis methodology, use of presentation software and strong communication skills.
develops and provides visual, spoken and written education related to data analysis, data presentation, including information, education related to maximizing the use of data products and functions across ascension.
supports database applications and analytical tools including evaluation of data quality, appropriate use of applications and maximizing internal and external database product functions across ascension.
what you will need, high school diploma, ged with 2 years of experience, or associates degree, or bachelors degree required, bachelors degree in relevant area, health, business administration, public health, statistics, including data analysis, decision support strongly preferred.
sql and tableau experience preferred.
the fraud data analyst uses sql and other systems to research and analyze several data points to identify patterns and anomalies in customer behavior, account activity, and transactional data to detect new fraud attempts and trends.
experience with sql required.
proficient in excel.
strong pc skills including ms powerpoint, project, word, visio, outlook, and visio.
the ideal candidate is a sql whiz with a strong work ethic, robust analytical and technical capabilities and highly effective time management skills.
conducting consumer data research and analytics.
experience or undergraduate courses focused on sql and excel.
strong communication skills.
our technology uses an iot network of connected devices, mobile payments, and machine learning to accelerate the adoption of solar energy systems, smartphones, and appliances.
when a family in tanzania, or nicaragua, or nigeria, or india, pays a weekly installment on their new home solar installation, their payment is processed by angaza backend software.
identify and surface significant trends and insights in high-impact bi products aimed at internal, customer, and partner audiences.
rich, interactive data visualization tools to assist in self-service analytics.
proficiency creating etl or analytics products in python, it would be useful to have experience in: numpy, pandas, psycopg2 or other sql interface, a visualization library of your choice, and scikit-learn.
strong sql skills, angaza uses postgresql and redshift.
ability to design an efficient data model for use within modern bi tools, angaza uses qlik sense internally.
understanding of applied statistics and common modelling techniques in a business context.
have strong quantitative, problem-solving, and project management skills.
demonstrate excellent written and verbal communication skills.
feel free to attach any extra information you think we should know – in particular, any examples of your work, a technical blog, github repo, or other project would all be appropriate.
data analyst i, what youll do, this position will support the enterprise modeling team by providing data analysis and model production support.
under the direction of the modeling data architect manager, the position will assist with data analysis, modeling, production and documentation projects.
primary backup for quarterly cecl production processing, to include sas programming and sas expected credit loss software, rfw, mip, user acceptance testing, and deployment to meet sox, audit change management requirements.
primary backup for moody macro economic weekly production processing to include scheduling, sas programming user acceptance testing, and deployment to meet sox, audit change management requirements.
actively participates as team member in the use of data science tools, such as sas, sql, python or r to merge, concatenate, and verify the consistency and accuracy of data prepared for the modeling team.
be prepared to assist with executing user acceptance testing process including creation of acceptance criteria, development of test procedures, test execution, and test result archiving for internal system modifications and third-party deliverables.
use microsoft software applications to build, update documentation, project plans, and provide data analysis, such as powerpoint, and visio.
develop reports and model output using tableau, or excel.
bachelor’s degree in computer information systems, data management, data analytics, or related field.
some sql, sas, excel, r, python and, or other data manipulation software tools.
some data management experience.
oncology experience is a plus -detail-oriented data driven -proficiency with navigating big data -ability to fact check data -ability to put together reports in excel, powerpoint, etc.
we are looking for someone who is a data specialist with a passion for data quality, integration, automation of information, with capability in it and technology solutions to make a meaningful business impact.
this role will also be responsible for gathering information and project management of digital solutions for the io franchise team.
maintain custom dataset to support the cross-functional needs of external engagement team in io, supporting the global product team, gpt, perform ad-hoc data investigation queries to address an immediate business question and report data via tables, charts, basic statistics, distributions correlations.
automate reports and build interactive dashboards manage timely delivery of processed data and information for data-driven io franchise initiatives mine and analyse data from company database to drive optimization and improvement in business strategies and solutions assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques own regular evaluation of all data sources being leveraged to ensure integrity and quality of the data, actively maintaining data dictionaries metadata definition.
project management support for projects you will be tasked with, i. e, accurate report of status, timelines, and forward-looking planning to ensure delivery, minimum requirements bachelors degree or demonstrated experience in data science field, 4 years, specialized in engineering, computer science, business analytics or relevant quantitative field.
data driven and detail oriented skilled at prioritizing workload expertise in building clean and simple customized reports in excel and powerpoint.
working knowledge of big data technology hadoop ecosystem, python, cloudera distribution impala, hive, pig, hbase, spark, mapreduce etc, preferred requirements oncology experience biopharma or healthcare industry experience deep it knowledge a plus experience with data warehousing, storage methodsformats, database design, thanks and regards satish.
designing the best way of capturing shipment-level details for 4 million annual shipments per year, then making them available for business intelligence, bi, tools.
project support, 10.
well versed in huge datasets, bi analytics, visualisation tools, business objects, tableau, powerbi, powerpivot etc, and preferably practical experience in visual basic and sql language.
qualifications, bachelors or advanced professional degree with a focus in data analytics, mathematics, computer science, statistics, econometrics, or social science-organizational-operations research, 1-3 years of relevant professional experience in analytics performing exploratory data analysis to understand the characteristics of a data set and identify patterns.
familiarity with software development methodologies like agile, including issue, workflow tracking tools like jira and trello and version control tools like git and github.
proficiency in sql, including experience retrieving data from relational databases.
advanced skills with microsoft excel, including manipulating large datasets.
depth of experience with advanced analytical tools such as tableau and r, preferred, python in addition to other advanced analytics packages.
this group provides vital insights across the partner talent journey and related transitions including election and evaluation, retention, changes in professional tracks, departures, performance statistics, and leadership roles.
this includes being involved in the transition from excel based delivery to more dynamic and self-serve platforms.
efficiently and expertly utilize tools for statistical computing such as python software environment, extracting data from multiple data sources.
collect and curate data needed for research, especially data that is internal to the organization.
provide ad-hoc analysis utilizing alteryx, sql, and powerbi.
for improvement and have clear expectations for project outcomes.
follow through on project plans and deliverables according to stakeholder and organizational needs.
ensure project documentation and status are created and communicated timely.
build relationships that help drive progress of project plans and timelines.
computer science, information systems degree and, or equivalent work experience in a quantitative discipline such as operations research, mathematics, statistics, economics, decision science or engineering.
proficient in system and data analysis tools including spreadsheets, sql, and visualization tools such as powerbi.
experience utilizing python for data engineering and data analysis.
provide data engineering support for ingestion of different data sources.
meet regularly with various audit stakeholders and manage project timelines and milestones.
strong sql language skills.
python.
experience with hadoop, dataiku.
excel macros.
the company provides top tier data privacy and security practices, deploys robust case management technology customized to clients’ needs and delivers worldwide coverage via its 1000 employees and affiliates worldwide.
in addition, it will support the development of complex cases that involve high dollar amounts, sensitive issues, or that otherwise meet criteria for referral to law enforcement, recoupment of overpayment, and, or administrative action based on reactive and proactive data analysis, in assuming this position, you will be a critical contributor to meeting coventbridge groups objective: to provide services to our clients that exceed their expectations and contribute to improved healthcare delivery by identifying and eliminating fraud, waste and abuse, the data analyst ii position will report to the data supervisor and will work in our grove city, oh office or if not local, remotely from a home office.
validate data analysis results and analytically identify potential fraud, waste and, or abuse situations in violation of medicare, medicaid laws, guidelines, policies, and regulations.
utilize data analysis techniques to detect aberrancies in medicare, medicaid claims data and proactively seeks out and develops leads and cases received from a variety of sources including cms and oig, fraud alerts, and referrals from government and private sources.
work with statisticians and data analysts to provide proactive data analysis results with statistically high probabilities of producing case referrals to law enforcement, overpayments, and, or administrative actions.
prepare, develop and participate in provider, beneficiary, law enforcement, or staff training as related to medicare fraud, waste and, or abuse data analysis.
maintain chain of custody on all documents and follow all confidentiality and security guidelines.
2 years’ experience in data analysis as well as demonstrated knowledge of health care and claims or a combination of education and equivalent work experience.
demonstrated knowledge of various database management systems in order to input, extract or manipulate information.
have high proficiency level with ms access and ms excel.
requires a working knowledge of sas and, or other applications to perform various types of data analysis.
bachelor’s degree in statistics or related discipline with preference given to ma or ms recipients, and at least, 2, two years of experience in data analytics.
were passionate about the inspirational missions of our customers and we entrust our employees and teams to deliver exceptional performance to enable the safety, security, health and well-being of our nation.
salient crgt has an immediate need for a data analyst, sql, etl, data modeling, to join our data governance and management services team in washington, dc.
this is an exciting opportunity to work in a fast-paced team environment that utlizes innovative approaches to support our client in an agile environment using emerging technologies.
role of the data analyst is to help identify data dependencies, perform data modeling, data mapping and help with sql query optimization.
over 5 years of experience as a data analyst, etl, ba, with responsibilities in data analysis with focus on data warehouse, process, data modeling, business intelligence, reporting systems, data quality including etl, and full life-cycle development.
vast experience of working in the area of data management including data analysis, gap analysis and data mapping including querying the source and target tables in the database using sql for testing purposes.
design and develop database models for the operational data store, data warehouse, and federated databases to support client enterprise information management strategy.
extensive experience in process, data modeling, quality assurance, testing of both client and server side and data warehousing applications.
hands on experience on complete software development life cycle sdlc for the projects using methodologies like agile, rup, waterfall, and hybrid methods.
sql, pl, sql, html, json, javascript, xml.
databases: oracle, sql server, ms access, informix.
methodologies and frameworks: agile, scrum, water fall model.
testing soap ui.
operating systems: unix, linux, windows.
bi tools: sap business objects, tableau, data services, informatica.
look at complex problems and come up with testable algorithms to optimize the platform.
set up bi tools and regular reporting services and interfaces.
live and breathe sql, enjoy great teamwork, have lots of fun, and take pride in building a world-class product that makes a difference on peoples lives.
bsc, ma in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, math, economics, or engineering.
at least 2 years of experience in a quantitative data analysis role with a dtc, direct to consumer, product.
knowledge of statistics.
sql experience.
experience with bi tools\xa0like tableau and looker.
excellent communication, oral and written, attention to detail, time management and organizational skills.
r or other statistical language.
images, involving deep learning, high-throughput large scale data.
the project will be.
conducted at the national center for microscopy and imaging research, ncmir, at the ucsd school of medicine.
acquiring knowledge of research function.
perform research analysis duties.
expertise in python is essential, bash scripting.
use of source control systems including git will be required.
experience with github, docker for reproducible code; jupyter.
opencv.
design skills to perform research analysis duties.
basic consultation and communication skills.
communication and organization skills across domains as well as.
research.
pressure in a fast-paced research program.
knowledge in c, java.
research.
translate data insights into actionable recommendations, balancing strategic objectives and tactical optimization.
ensure data integrity by testing and comparing similar data sources.
build and refine models to support business growth, such as pricing and forecasting.
highly skilled in building queries using sql and analysis in excel.
experience building visualizations in tools such as tableau, qlikview or powerbi.
experience with python and api creation a plus.
b. s. in engineering, economics, applied math, stats or any other quantitative field, preferred.
who we are, were a small but rapidly growing team driven by a bias-to-action mentality, balanced with a sense of humor, we love to problem-solve creatively while keeping a sharp focus on the important drivers of the business, we prioritize relentlessly to ensure that whatever were working on is vital to our business growth.
proven expertise in developing integrated etl bi design solutions from data sourcing to change data capture, cleansing and enrichment, loading of enterprise size data store strong understanding of data encryption, data transformation, data integrity, performance and security, error handlingrecovery and data management concepts proven experience in unix scripting to write reusable, flexible and controllable jobs good understanding of core java, j2ee, web technologies, webservices good to have - knowledge of hpe voltage secure data, informatica, business objects thanks
data quality analyst.
coordinate with leasing and om on revenue forecasting, actual exercise.
act as business owner of the salesforce and planit systems in view of developing enhanced features that support data quality.
highly motivated individual with a demonstrated interest in data quality.
excellent problem solving skills.
ability to develop and execute a project plan.
superior excel skills.
5+ years work experience in data management or financial analysis.
excellent communication, written and verbal, analytical and interpersonal skills.
strong computer skills, including proficiency in microsoft word, excel and powerpoint.
partner with expedia group teams such as corporate it, eit, people team, hr, and many more to drive project tracking and optimization as the project focal.
responsible for strategic management and execution of each phase in the project rollout.
actively communicate with different teams to ensure all dependencies are tracked and risks are mitigated by each phase in the project.
support the development, implementation and continuous support of the people team’s tracking system, currently in excel, sharepoint, and implement best practices.
develop and maintain documentation, policies, procedures, and communication materials for the assigned project.
proficient in microsoft office suite, excel, word, outlook, visio, powerpoint.
experience working with jira, confluence, trello, tableau, servicenow preferred.
strong interpersonal and communication skills, written, verbal, listening and presenting.
top desired 3 skill sets – proficient in sql queries, expert in excel, basic project management, focus: timeline and task management.
microsoft sql, microsoft excel.
previous experience required, preferred – analyst background with a role which was responsible for tracking completion rates, maintaining user records and dealing with large amounts of data in excel.
this analyst will be leveraged for excel and sql work on an ongoing project.
they will also need to have basic project management skills such as task and time management since their input feeds directly into the larger project, initiate.
primary skills: data analysis.
requirement elicitation, data analysis and testing validation.
expert in requirement documentation and articulating them with design, development and testing team.
should have 7+ years of business analysis and data analysis experience.
proven understanding and related experience with teradata.
strong sql skills.
at least one-year development experience in etl, teradata and hadoop.
agile experience is required with version one tool expertise.
thorough understanding of the software development lifecycle.
excellent communication and thought leadership skills.
6 and above years of data analysis experience - advanced.
1 and above years of version one, big data, etl, teradata - basic. 2 and above years of agile experience - advanced.
6 and above years of planning, organization, communication and thought leadership skills.
business development.
you will work in an agile, collaborative environment and join a community of data analysts with roles in related areas, providing opportunities for skills sharing, development and mutual support.
you will also have links to, and interface with, our enterprise-level data professionals in ai, ml, infrastructure, data management and data governance.
working with scientists to specify improvements to data collection and management.
improving data governance and data integrity.
ability to code, script in r, python, sql.
web development experience, html5, css, javascript.
experience generating user-friendly dashboards to integrate and visualise data, using spotfire, powerbi, tableau.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
budgeting and cost-consciousness.
our past is full of iconic moments — but our future is going to spark many more.
experienced data analysis, profiling, and querying skills, sql, using a variety of tools to perform required data research and analysis.
: bachelor’s degree or foreign equivalent in computer science, information technology, software development, or a related field and 8 years of progressive post baccalaureate experience in job offered or related occupation.
bi, edw.
skills, sql.
teradata.
azure.
agile.
administer data system configurations in sql server.
perform ad-hoc queries in sql server to gather instruments data for investigation or analysis.
organize and execute user acceptance testing for new functionality releases.
contribute to data visualizations for engineers and production personnel using tableau, ssrs, or custom web design.
contribute to sql server database design to improve efficiency and effectiveness of manufacturing data systems.
strong sql skills required, sql server a plus.
experience with relational database design is a plus, sql server a plus.
experience with sql server administration is a plus.
experience designing complex technical data visualizations is required, tableau is preferred.
experience with tableau server is a plus.
web development skills including css and javascript are a plus.
experience performing data analysis and data curation is required, experience with jmp, sas, r, python, matlab is preferred.
experience executing user acceptance testing is preferred.
experience operating in a controlled development environment is preferred, experience with agile development a plus.
experience designing applications for data collection is preferred.
strong analytical, written and verbal communication skills are required.
bachelors or masters degree in computer science, statistics, engineering, or related field is required.
research.
research.
the brain behind the platform is neo, an in-house ai, which uses machine learning to process billions of data points and make intelligent decisions at lightning speed.
leveraging lockerdomes homegrown analytics tooling and optimization techniques, you will make daily optimizations to ensure we beat client expectations, your skills should include.
download robot data from an iot, cloud-based infrastructure and perform first-level data analysis.
strong technical problem solving and analytical skills.
experience with linux and windows operating systems, including writing terminal commands.
experience with data analysis of a large fleet of iot connected devices.
experience in software testing.
experience in data analysis, especially in automating analysis processes.
experience testing a consumer robot.
regularly interact with users of tudor’s financial data, including trading, global research, middle office, risk, and compliance.
the data analyst will work with our offshore data operations team to oversee their processes, which include cross checking, verifying and updating security and economic data.
perform project work in addition to regular, ongoing responsibilities.
examples include verifying the integrity of large datasets, creating and loading history for several new instruments or macroeconomic series, developing new data quality checks, and integrating new data sources.
requires strong communication skills, proven ability to plan and execute projects, communicating goals and progress as well as any problems experience working with bloomberg, reuters, datastream, and, or factset terminals and excel add-ins.
sql, python, onetick are pluses.
support data quality and control activities, including clarifying guidance, correcting errors and refining instructions.
participate in problem-solving discussions with internal stakeholders, research clinicians, product, quantitative sciences, engineering and life science partnerships, to determine clinically and scientifically sound approaches.
this is a great opportunity for you to work with cross functional teams, e. g, research clinicians, product, operations, quantitative sciences and engineering, on research initiatives to develop high quality data products for delivery to clients.
who you are, you have 2+ years of experience working in clinical research and with data.
you have at least 1 year of relevant experience as a clinical research assistant, registered nurse, physician assistant, or equivalent with considerable healthcare experience.
you have experience with clinical data management or data entry.
you have strong verbal and written communication skills.
you are familiar with sql.
a career at flatiron is a chance to work with everyone involved in the future of cancer care and research—all under one roof.
researchers, data scientists, designers, clinicians, technologists and many more all work together to improve cancer care and accelerate research.
applied knowledge of current data analysis visualization techniques.
intermediate to advanced sql knowledge, including familiarity with statistical, aggregate, and windowing functions.
able to conduct requirements gathering and define business needs for data collection and analysis.
articulate with excellent verbal and written communication skills.
strong critical thinking skills with knowledge and experience in analytic techniques and statistics.
work with data and gameplay engineers to ensure architecture will support requirements.
serve as a subject matter expert and resource for accessing and analyzing data using tableau or other tools as necessary.
bs degree in computer science, math, or statistics.
prior experience working in an aws environment, including using redshift, rds, and emr as a data source.
knowledge of logical database design, relational databases, and data warehouse principles.
programming, scripting experience, particularly with r or python.
predict and understand consumer patterns through various mathematical instruments, regression and statistical analysis.
research and identify ways to build our brand and acquire new clients.
track advertising costs, research consumer behavior and explore market trends and opportunities.
conduct competitive research and analyze benchmarking data.
advanced experience in microsoft excel and powerpoint.
experience in tableau, google data studio, datorama, cognos or other bi tool.
superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to translate rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts.
working knowledge of sql, spss, python or other data-extraction and modeling tools a plus.
expertise in site tagging with the ability to write light javascript to capture the right data a big plus.
we are looking for someone with a passion for data who can take a broad scientific question and distill insights through code, whether that be creating an interactive visualization, a predictive model, or using inferential statistics.
non-molecule work could involve scientific software development in r, internal infrastructure building, and supporting or leading cross-functional analytical projects.
as you onboard, you will receive comprehensive mentoring to develop good coding practices along with our reproducible workflow using r packages and github.
advanced degree in biostatistics, statistics, computer science, mathematics, or the biological sciences.
advanced hands-on r programming experience, preferably in support of clinical trial analysis.
3+ years of experience applying statistical inference and machine learning methodologies to scientific data.
has a good foundation in computer science and has strong knowledge in computational statistics including statistical learning.
is familiar with established interactive data visualization packages such as shiny, plotly, etc.
research and development, research and development, clinical development, roche is an equal opportunity employer and strictly prohibits unlawful discrimination based upon an individuals race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, expression, national origin, ancestry, age, mental, physical disability, medical condition, marital status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law, seniority level.
pull digital, email, and print subscriber audiences, counts, and profiles via our database access tool, sql.
work with and support privacy policy coordinator and company global compliance team.
experience using sql and working in large data environments preferred.
strong communication and analytical skills, in order to effectively derive and share business insights from data sets.
experience supporting direct marketing activities in a data warehouse environment.
the data analyst will have experience establishing databases and data structures, and working with applications including gis, excel, sql and other data modeling tools to support business decision making.
individuals with interest or knowledge in data analytics, machine learning, and ai will thrive well in the environment we are creating.
independently perform data collection, cleansing, transitioning and analytical processes and produce high quality reports.
understanding of qa, qc measures for data governance and able to support implementation of such measures both internally and with clients.
a good understanding of technologies used to support data and information management – including gis, excel, sql, oracle.
. 4-5+ years of professional experience in data analysis and statistics.
working knowledge of statistical frameworks and concepts pertinent to a, b testing, including frequentist and bayesian statistics, p-values, confidence intervals, minimum detectable effect, etc.
experience with a, b testing or personalization.
experience writing sql, wrangling spreadsheet data, and analyzing data using r or python.
any relevant experience you have with a, b testing, data analysis, user research, etc.
project overview.
provide support in the following areas, 1, establishment of the governance framework for the hcs implementation effort, 2, supporting the prioritization of pilots and reporting on pilot execution, 3, formal communications on hcs pilots with the navy organizations that will participate in the pilot, s, and, 4, coordinating meeting spaces, meeting schedules, and other administrative support.
support the design of the governance model, processes, procedures, initiative owners used to manage the execution of the pilots.
deliver bi-weekly status reports, progress, risks, cost, schedule.
security clearance.
data analysis experience with a commercial or federal client.
experience in designing, building and maintaining data architecture, including database administration within the data architecture.
strong requirements gathering and problem solving skills.
in depth knowledge of tableau, sql, visio, excel, and vba.
: data analytics, data analysis, tableau, sql, visio, excel, and vba, mon, wbb is a technical and management consulting company that provides innovative products and services that solve government and commercial customers toughest problems.
strong problem-solving, analytic, and written and oral communication skills.
proficiency with software applications, databases used in support of research and analysis for the u. s. government.
about bae systems intelligence and security.
bae systems intelligence and security, based in mclean, virginia, designs and delivers advanced defense, intelligence, and security solutions that support the important missions of our customers.
if you are looking for an opportunity to build your data engineering expertise and drive impact by empowering colleagues to make data-powered decisions, this is the role for you.
design best practices for big data processing, modeling, and warehouse development.
3+ years of relevant work experience in data engineering, data analysis, or business intelligence.
experience designing scalable, efficient data architecture and models.
python.
sql.
linux operating system.
command lines, i. e. bash.
knowledge of git, github, jira, and scrum.
proficiency in analytical packages, i. e. pandas, scipy, etc.
experience working in agile methodology and applying agile to data engineering is a plus.
excellent communication skills\xa0.
data analyst, structured data and feeds.
the structured data and feeds, sdandf, team is looking for a highly-motivated data analyst with an innovative mindset.
this position will occasionally work with clients to understand their needs and execute technical solutions including, but not limited to: data manipulations, report creation, pattern analysis, root cause analysis, and forecasting.
this position will also assist with identifying scalable methods of optimizing performance of digital marketing media through data management for media campaigns.
this position will report to the technical project manager and is a pivotal role within the sdandf team to achieve objectives and maintain competitive growth within the digital marketing industry.
execute ad-hoc sql queries to support daily business challenges and data analysis.
analyze client product data and identify opportunities for media campaign optimization.
complete project objectives in time to meet project milestones in alignment with project plans.
assist with the product backlog for all projects, solve problems for teams, and assisting in ensuring overall project delivery that meets the requirements for stakeholders.
attend and participate, where appropriate, in project planning and prioritization sessions.
provide subject matter expertise for the area of data analysis, modeling, optimization and database design, governance.
strong verbal and written communication skills with team members and clients.
advanced knowledge of sql as it relates to developing complex, efficient queries and store procedures.
intermediate to advanced knowledge of microsoft sql server, microsoft visual studio, and microsoft office tools, particularly excel.
two plus years of related professional experience working with databases and sql.
experience with agile and sdlc methodology.
experience with python.
bachelor’s degree from an accredited college in university with a degree in computer science, mathematics, or statistics.
experience with development tools and libraries that will enable rapid and scalable prototype development as well as experience in software development and apis.
strong interpersonal communication and ability to work well across teams.
excel, tableau, sql, r, python, or other tools used for data management and data analytics.
2+ years of operations, finance, or data analysis experience in an academic and, or business environment.
5+ years of data analysis experience in an academic and, or business environment.
seeking a data analyst to work alongside the business and modelers to understand technical data design and technical data mapping perform data analysis to understand data quality and potential data issues.
identify sourcingunderstand if the data can be sourcedprofiledmodeled document data issues and data decision trade-offs to help manage tech debt work with and support the data modeling team by helping solve data issues that affect their model model decisions required sql dba and data design background technical data analysis expertise nice to have data governance modeling data profiling.
computer and network security
who wouldn’t be interested in working on a dynamic team where everyone gets along while improving and applying machine learning skills.
under direct supervision, uses a variety of fundamental techniques to support production of insights, new product or change recommendations, process improvement or automation, and predictive modeling.
applies basic knowledge of a variety of data mining and data analysis methods, familiarity with common large data processing techniques, computational programing capabilities, practical problem-solving skills, and an ability to articulate solutions to non-technical consumers or partners.
partners with existing data engineering and data management teams.
applies data mining techniques to external or created data sources in preparation for analysis or use of enterprise data assets.
evaluates and recommends modifications to statistical modeling capabilities as appropriate.
builds upon basic predictive analytic capabilities to enhance the delivery of business applications to support the integration of data and statistical models or algorithms.
applies industry standard practices in research and testing to product development, deployment, and maintenance.
experience with advanced quantitative methods techniques, such as regression, and supervised machine learning methods strongly preferred.
programming experience with data gathering and analytics packages such as: r or python and machine learning required.
strong analytics skills, able to assess business need, define an analytic solution, and execute using analytics that range from excel tables - to statistical or machine learning analysis.
strong communication skills, both written and oral.
we are seeking a talented data specialist to join our highly motivated and innovative data engineering team, your efforts will be critical to the success of two sigma’s global trading businesses.
help drive continuous improvements to data quality procedures and a consistent approach to how data quality is measured, monitored and reported.
be part of a team to support the data used by production trading algorithms.
3+ years professional experience in an environment that prioritized data quality.
an understanding of the software development process and exposure to hands-on coding in a professional environment.
experience with python, and, or java.
experience with sql and working with a relational database system, such as microsoft sql server.
an understanding of how to design and develop effective data quality tests and measures.
this individual will work in a capacity similar to that of a systems analyst, but will possess deeper knowledge in data quality and data governance for a batch processing project.
this individual will meet with business stakeholders to understand the challenges they are experiencing in data governance and work with the technology organization to craft a governance policy within their agile scrum model.
required skills bachelorrsquos degree in mis, computer science, mathematics, data analysis, finance, business information systems or related fields.
ability to read code backlogs to understand defectincident triage and conduct root cause analysis strong interpersonal skills and meetings facilitation skills strong data analysis skills, with a proven track record of delivery of complex technology projects strong understanding of requirements gathering, preparing data transformation rules and strong sql skills expertise in data-related technical skillsets.
familiarity with unix scripting experience with relational databases such as oracle, preferred, and familiarity with big data andor nosql databases strongly preferred, mongomariadb, hive, spark, etc.
provides recommendations for improving data collection, analysis and reporting.
qualifications, bachelors degree, including one, 1, college-level course in statistics and two, 2, years experience with a statistical package and data analysis.
ability to use computers and related software to successfully perform essential job functions of the position along with two years experience with a statistical package and data analysis.
research and statistical analysis work may be substituted, year for year, for education but must be supplemented by successful completion of at least one, 1, college-level course in statistics and in research methods, current washington state drivers license or have requested and obtained an appropriate accommodation, desired skills.
using microsoft excel and other analytical, data management, and data visualization software to write clear, concise analytical summaries.
effective oral and written communication.
write sql queries and ad-hoc queries for data analysis and player insights.
ability to turn raw data sets into easy to understand, easy to consume visualization tools and dashboards to allow stakeholders to access and visualize kpis.
utilize communication skills and collaborative mindset to succeed in a team environment.
3-5 years of sql experience dealing with complex data sets.
2+ years of analytics experience creating dashboards and visualization tools.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer science, applied mathematics, economics, or a related discipline or equivalent experience.
experience in sql and programming for data analysis.
experience with tableau or powerbi for visualization preferred.
experience with python, r, or equivalent scripting languages preferred.
experience with redshift or equivalent data warehouse tech preferred.
experience working in scrum, agile environment a plus.
create report and data reconciliation through access, excel, business objects and other reporting tools, to include provider data, claims data, membership data.
aid with project implementation and project management for medical management and health plan initiatives.
0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience.
advanced knowledge of microsoft applications, including excel and access.
experience with business intelligence and sql tools preferred.
0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 0-1 years of hedis data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted.
advanced knowledge of business intelligence, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 0-1 years of related it experience, including data warehouse, coding or etl experience.
advanced knowledge of business intelligence, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
0-2 years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 0-1 years of related financial or it experience, including data warehouse, sql, coding, financial reporting, auditing, client reporting or predictive analytic experience.
basic knowledge of business intelligence, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
health, safety, and security.
passion for data analysis and data visualization.
knowledge of and experience with multiple bi and analytics platforms.
technical skills in data extraction, analysis, and visualization, tableau, hris systems.
excellent communication and oral and written presentation skills.
sql proficiency.
architecture and planning.
working across prediction, segmentation, price optimization, machine learning, adtech and other areas where data and statistical methods can be applied to measurable advantage.
preparing data sets for applications such as: classification, modelling and clustering.
3+ years of r and, or python development.
experience creating sql queries.
professional working environment experience with statistical packages: numpy, scipy, statsmodels.
experience in machine learning.
working knowledge of machine learning concepts and techniques and their application.
research.
this project is very data intesive and they need candidates who are able to think outside of the box.
the ideal candidate will have 5-7 years of experience and will also have worked in an agile environment.
if we are unable to procure this resource in a timely fashion, it will prevent the project from starting on time and achieving the desired business goals in 2020.
testing of newly developed code prior to production releases or during technical recovery exercises.
documented ability to thrive and produce quality results in an agile, scrum environment.
strong understanding of both sql and oracle syntax to enable data extraction and analysis from various sources.
extremely strong verbal and written communication skills.
experience building and maintaining reports in tableau required.
knowledge of sql, vba, r or python preferred.
experience in forecasting, supply chain planning, logistics and service operations a plus.
ability to track and lead new and ongoing project activities.
we collaborate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data pipelines, data products, data models, reports, analyses and machine learning applications.
research and develop state-of-the-art data mining and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player engagement.
drive needle moving improvements via hands-on exploration of data, dashboards, statistical analysis and predictive modeling.
drive requirements for data collection and for data modeling with data engineers work within a team of data analysts and engineers.
bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field, statistics, applied mathematics, operational research, business intelligence or any other relevant field.
extensive knowledge of data analysis techniques, languages, software and systems, sas, r, matlab, python, spss, tableau, required.
extensive knowledge in sql, or a sql-like language, required.
experience with vertica and hadoop, an asset.
we collaborate as a global team to develop cutting-edge data pipelines, data products, data models, reports, analyses and machine learning applications.
research and develop state-of-the-art data mining and statistical modeling solutions to understand game design, system performance and key business behaviors, such as player engagement.
drive needle moving improvements via hands-on exploration of data, dashboards, statistical analysis and predictive modeling.
drive requirements for data collection and for data modeling with data engineers work within a team of data analysts and engineers.
bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field, statistics, applied mathematics, operational research, business intelligence or any other relevant field.
extensive knowledge of data analysis techniques, languages, software and systems, sas, r, matlab, python, spss, tableau, required.
extensive knowledge in sql, or a sql-like language, required.
experience with vertica and hadoop, an asset.
the candidate will directly support an amcom project manager and project office by reviewing incoming email, identify required actions, retrieve associated files, input into customer applications, and determine appropriate internal workflow processes duties.
assists customers in locating documents and associated data, to include providing one-on-one training to project office personnel.
analyzes and integrates data from the project office using a cd, dvd replicator, document scan station, cd, dvd library, and associated supplies and materials.
strong capability operating microsoft office suite, excel, powerpoint, and outlook.
performs routine financial and data analysis.
excellent communication skills.
exceptional experience with microsoft office including excel and powerpoint.
experience with power bi, tableau.
global security executive protection team is looking for a data analyst to support data-driven decision making on the team.
the successful candidate must have experience in data analysis, ability to think analytically, and have the skills to optimize our delivery process.
qualifications, bachelors degree with 2+ years of experience of data analysis, 2+ years of tableau development experience.
knowledge in relational databases and sql.
experience with data management, specifically with validating and auditing data and reports from multiple systems.
analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting abilities.
excellent partnership and communication skills.
acts as an informed team member providing analysis of information and limited project direction input.
analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on specific objectives and established project guidelines.
executes and writes portions of testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs issues with code and suggests changes or improvements.
participates as a member of project team of other software applications engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned applications portion or subsystem.
collaborates and communicates with internal and outsourced development partners regarding software applications design status, project progress, and issue resolution.
using statistics, mathematics, algorithms and programming languages.
software applications testing methodology, including execution of test plans.
debugging, and testing scripts and tools.
strong written and verbal communication skills; mastery in english and local language.
identify solutions which improve data architecture, quality, and processes as well as participate in the implementation of such solutions.
create and maintain accurate architecture diagrams, process flows, runbooks and other related documentation.
assist with regularly scheduled data quality assurance reviews of the hie and mdm platforms.
experience with querying sql data bases and transforming raw data into presentable dashboards.
understanding of data base architecture.
master data management and health information exchange experience preferred.
burning glass proudly serves a client base that spans six continents, including education institutions, government workforce agencies, academic research centers, global recruitment and staffing agencies, major employers, and leading job boards.
the full-time data analyst position, based in our boston headquarters, provides deliverables across the entire software development life cycle and plays a critical role in managing and research public and proprietary data for delivery in our applications, while serving as a subject matter expert within our product organization.
we are looking for a self-starter with leadership skills, strong communication and keen attention to detail.
manipulating, validating, and analyzing data using excel, sql, r, python, and other analytical tools to develop insights about emerging trends in the labor market.
delivering oral presentations to clients summarizing research findings.
project management.
the project is scheduled to last 9 months.
advanced knowledge of sap, ap processes, excel, powerpoint.
tableau exposure.
this is a hands on position requiring both leadership and technical problem solving skills.
this includes both structured and unstructured data.
we are a team of professionals in areas such as predicative and prescriptive analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence, who derive insights to guide the company in making business decisions and driving corporate strategy.
must have skills, bachelors degree, or three or more years of work experience, knowledgeable in the basic concepts of speech or text analytics, natural language processing, sentiment.
experience with excel, google sheets, powerpoint, google slides.
experience with python, nltk, r, sql, sas, spss.
relevant bi tools and industry certifications.
tableau certification is nice to have.
any data warehousing experience, data marts, data lakes and bi certification is a plus.
copperpoint has an exciting opportunity for a data analyst for the data management division located in phoenix, arizona.
performs analyses of structured and unstructured data to solve moderately complex business problems, utilizing advanced statistical techniques and mathematical analyses.
uses data visualization to effectively communicate analytical results and support business decisions.
strong analytical, problem solving and strategic thinking skills.
understanding of analytical and statistical methods, some experience with analytical software, r, python, sas, etc.
programming skills in python, r, java or equivalent.
excellent communication skills both verbally and in written form.
optimization and improve both acquisition and retention.
support our a, b testing activities in conjunction with the engineering team.
constantly look for improvements in tools, data sources, data quality, and analytic techniques; build structure and process around data science initiatives and requests.
who you are, you have a bachelors degree in a quantitative field, math, data science, computer science, economics, graduate degree a plus.
you are an expert with mysql and have experience with industry leading business intelligence tools, such as mode, periscope, tableau, or looker.
knowledge of python is a plus.
collaborate with product owners and technical directors to align priorities and approach employing agile software development methodologies.
create data cubes within a sql datawarehouse, schedule the import of those cubes into a business intelligence tool.
design bi dashboards and reports.
design, implement, and support brightree data architectures applying standards for security, hipaa, hitrust, scalability, performance, and reliability.
load domain-specific data marts for consumption by analytic processes, reporting, and bi tools.
ensure security and availability of information for our analytics consumers.
be a key contributor in democratizing machine learning and artificial intelligence innovation initiatives.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
exposure to data management technologies including sql databases, data warehouses, data lakes, data marts, and nosql data stores.
experience writing t-sql and performance tuning queries.
experience working with bi tools, such as tableau, power bi, sisense.
experience working with cloud technologies, azure, a plus.
experience in programming, scripting languages a plus; such as r, python, nodejs, angularjs, vuejs, and.
this person will be responsible for managing analyzing data in salesforce to enable proper alignment, data migrations, and data gaps, heres what youll be doing, attending customer-facing meetings and responding to questions analysis requests using data analysis techniques.
communicating effectively across all parts of the organization to execute data migration and ensure the highest level of data quality.
developing testing procedures and acceptance criteria for database data to ensure technology implementations are correct and file quality meets acceptance criteria.
coordinating and resolving customer issues rooted in issues with data quality skills experience, heres what our ideal candidate has, 2-3 years of experience in data analytics, statistics, business intelligence andor data modeling.
exceptional written and oral communication skills.
this person will be responsible for managing analyzing data in salesforce to enable proper alignment, data migrations, and data gaps, heres what youll be doing, attending customer-facing meetings and responding to questions analysis requests using data analysis techniques.
communicating effectively across all parts of the organization to execute data migration and ensure the highest level of data quality.
developing testing procedures and acceptance criteria for database data to ensure technology implementations are correct and file quality meets acceptance criteria.
coordinating and resolving customer issues rooted in issues with data quality skills experience, heres what our ideal candidate has, 2-3 years of experience in data analytics, statistics, business intelligence andor data modeling.
exceptional written and oral communication skills.
assist on tool configuration and user acceptance testing, uat.
awareness of data reported in cyber security tools.
align standards, frameworks and security with overall business and technology strategy.
participate in daily agile sprint meetings, set up review meetings, prepare status updates on periodic basis.
5+ years of enterprise data analytical experience and using technologies such as tableau, microsoft power bi and the like, sql, and query syntax.
3+ years of experience working in and, or dynamic cross-competency teams using a structured project development methodology.
experience with data quality research, testing, reporting.
knowledge of database design techniques and advanced sql and nossql skills.
desire to enhance development skills and research alternatives to accomplish tasks and drive innovation.
positive interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to listen, ask probing questions, and ensure accurate understanding of internal client needs.
ability to function independently and within an agile team.
solid experience in exploratory data analysis and visualization.
created visualization using, kibana.
microsoft power bi, tableau.
knowledge of data engineering and data science with machine learning a plus.
the focus of this role will be on validating, cleansing, inserting, updating, and maintaining data within ms sql server.
perform basic data imports from various database systems into microsoft sql server.
merge data from one sql server database to another sql server database, job specifications.
1 year + experience with data extraction and transformation tools - microsoft sql server 2008r2, 2012, 2014 required. must have basic understanding of the following operating systems: windows 7, 8. 1, and 10.
familiarity with microsoft sql server 2008 r2, 2012, 2014, and 2016 and basic administration skills.
responsible for writing t-sql statements to insert, update, and delete data.
ability to write, analyze, and develop sql code used in cleansing, standardizing data.
you thrive on collaboration, working side by side with people of all backgrounds and disciplines, and you have very strong verbal and written communication skills.
investigating and resolving bi related business issues which are raised through our it service desk.
performing market research and analysis.
monitoring data warehouse loads, troubleshooting and escalating when necessary.
provision and manage user access and all data tools including aws, snowflake, birst, tableau server.
manage platform security in collaboration with djo network security.
understanding of aws technologies like data pipeline, ec2, emr, s3.
understanding, knowledge of aws infrastructure.
proficient with sql and java.
relevant coursework or personal projects using statistical language skillset is a plus, r, sas, python, etc. must be willing to work flexible schedule, some night time and weekend work required.
experience working with birst, tableau, power bi or other bi software solution.
business development.
maintains consistent communication with assigned technicians.
works with accounts receivables contact to assist with resolution of truck based team a, r issues. determines appropriate actions for timely resolution.
the ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action.
they must have strong experience using a variety of data mining, data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, including visualizing dashboards, building and implementing models, using, creating algorithms and creating, running simulations.
minimum 8 years of experience using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
experience using statistical computer languages, r, python, slq, etc, to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
experience using business intelligence tools, tableau, for visualizing and various data frameworks, hadoop.
knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts, regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc, and experience with applications.
coding knowledge and experience with several languages: c, c, java, javascript, etc.
experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: r, python, slq, etc.
experience with aws cloud services, glue, athena, sagemaker, quicksight, redshift, etc.
analyze data with aggregations and basic statistics.
very strong sql knowledge.
understand aws, s3, rds, lambda, concepts.
if you love analysis, data insights, technical execution, and thrive in an environment of project ownership then we want to hear from you.
maintain tools, systems, dashboards that enable teams to analyze their departments’ data, we use grow and power bi to visualize data from best-of-breed departmental tools like salesforce, gainsight, pardot, insightsquared, and freshdesk.
other ad-hoc analysis and special project requests.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, computer science, economics, data science, statistics, business analytics or related major.
intermediate excel experience, vlookup, index, match, pivots, and charts.
statistics, sql, and familiarity with data visualization tools.
your work to make a difference develop, maintain, and support high-priority governmental and regulatory data feeds for the enterprise data warehouse and corresponding data marts under strict deadlines.
full life cycle of moderate to intricate data development to resolve issues or satisfy business needs such as testing etl processes, reviewing business requirements, and writing source to target documentation.
administrator of the data warehouse general understanding of business processes and rules that create data including enrollment, billing, and work with cross-function teams to ensure they understand their data, your skills and experience to include 2 to 7 years of experience analyzing or querying data in a professional data warehouse setting.
above average knowledge of sql, analytical software, and computers.
bachelors degree, preferred but not required, analytical health care, claims, or pharmacy experience preferred excellent organization, analytical, problem-solving skills excellent written and verbal communication skills.
your work to make a difference develop, maintain, and support high-priority governmental and regulatory data feeds for the enterprise data warehouse and corresponding data marts under strict deadlines.
full life cycle of moderate to intricate data development to resolve issues or satisfy business needs such as testing etl processes, reviewing business requirements, and writing source to target documentation.
administrator of the data warehouse general understanding of business processes and rules that create data including enrollment, billing, and work with cross-function teams to ensure they understand their data, your skills and experience to include 2 to 7 years of experience analyzing or querying data in a professional data warehouse setting.
above average knowledge of sql, analytical software, and computers.
bachelors degree, preferred but not required, analytical health care, claims, or pharmacy experience preferred excellent organization, analytical, problem-solving skills excellent written and verbal communication skills.
assists with profiling of data using complex sql queries and other data analysis tools.
provides support, i. e, creating reports, research, documentation, whenever needed.
\xa0this job deals in mainly backend data so need someone who has experience in dealing with the front end and backend data.
\xa0 data quality analysis.
\xa0 writing complex sql and stored procedures, db2 preferred, ; translating specifications and rules into sql.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 working with string and data manipulation functions and macros with microsoft excel.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 metadata management and data governance.
ability to provide time estimations for sa activities for a project based on the design.
exceptional communication skills, written and verbal.
proficiency in english language, as a medium of communication.
frank and open communication with peers and higher-ups about realistic estimations and meeting timelines, expectations and proactive communication of issues and concerns
\xa0 knowledge about business intelligence, analytics, tool experience – cognos, tableau.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 knowledge and understanding of security standard.
understanding of xml, sql, relational databases, and experience with application programming interface, api, technology for support in modernization of the nasa repository based on data driven decisions.
understanding of “open access” principles and the its value in the advancement research for overall improvement of our society and scientific discovery.
ba or bs degree in information technology, data analysis, library and information sciences, computer science or related field.
detail oriented - ability to pay attention to the minute details of a project or task.
4. interacts with senior management, physicians, department heads, etc, with a customer focus at all times--demonstrated through proactive and effective problem solving, process improvements.
education, bachelors degree in a quantitative field such as math, statistics, economics, or related field with emphasis in information management is, required.
a minimum of six, 6, years of experience in independently gathering, reconciling, summarizing, analyzing and reporting complex, detailed data set research is.
\xa0a strong aptitude in microsoft excel, specifically pivot tables, sql, access, word and powerpoint.
performs informatics data analysis and reporting.
uses existing databases, data collection systems, analytics, reports and other strategies to perform analytics and prepare reports.
provides ongoing data analysis and data management throughout the entire request life cycle: defines reporting needs; develops queries or programs to acquire the data from primary or secondary data sources; analyzes, identifies and visualizes the trends or patterns in the complex data sets; validates the accuracy of the data and maintains detailed change control.
develop the teams research agenda by prototyping analytics that measure the effectiveness of technology project controls and that displays financial trends.
continuous monitoring, alerting and issue tracking and resolution to address violations found in project deliveries.
design, agree and implement standard processes for governance and program review forums.
language proficiency in r, python, numpy.
general query and scripting ability, sql, python etc.
experience with tableau and qlikview.
strong oral and written communication skills.
3-5 years project management experience.
strong analytical, communication, interpersonal, problem solving, organizational and time management skills.
html.
bs, ms degree in a quantitative discipline: statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, computer science, engineering, economics, etc.
proficiency in sql and in a unix, linux environment.
2+ years of experience with tableau, qlikview, microstrategy or other data visualization and bi dashboarding tools.
1+ years of experience programming in java or python and working with large datasets.
phd in a quantitative discipline: statistics, applied mathematics, operations research, computer science, engineering, economics, etc.
experience in hadoop or other mapreduce paradigms and associated languages such as pig, sawzall, etc.
expertise in applied statistics and in at least one statistical software package, preferably r. ability to communicate findings clearly to both technical and non-technical audiences.
advanced skills in java, c. eqq1yafjh4.
as were a global company communication with all levels of the organization is key.
troubleshooting data issues - we use machine learning to calculate market share on amazon.
troubleshooting these numbers requires critical thinking and problem solving.
collaborating on client relations - we work cross functionally with sales and customer success teams to bring clarity to issues and steps to resolution, maintaining catalog database accuracy - ensuring that a customers data is clean and accurate requires a healthy balance of accuracy and efficiency, your experience, bachelors degree or equivalent experience, strong microsoft excel skills, sound business judgment - can build reports and models to fit clients needs, ecommerce experience a
coordinate with business development managers to jointly develop sales strategies based on analysis of data provided and book of business data.
develop informative, actionable and repeatable reporting that highlights relevant business trends and opportunities for improvement that will be used in data presentations, support the companys growth and financial goals by performing data mining and analysis that impacts foundation pricing and risk assumptions, conduct market research analysis to support strategic initiatives and provide opportunities for growth, progress, and change.
proficient with microsoft excel, pivot tables, v looksups.
provide data management, dm, support for assigned program, s. support data item reviews, and deliver data in electronic and hardcopy format per government contract data requirements list, cdrl, subcontract data requirements list, sdrl, and raytheon internal requirements.
observe program security requirements and data protection requirements, especially for marking deliverable data.
experience communicating data management processes both verbally and in writing.
working knowledge of industry configuration, data management, work product management principles, standards and processes, such as described in geia-859, data management standard.
u. s. citizenship status is required as this position needs an active u. s. security clearance as of day one of employment.
familiarity with windchill or other product data management, pdm, systems.
familiarity with microsoft project and visio.
space and airborne systems, sas, builds radars and other sensors for aircraft, spacecraft and ships.
the business also provides communications and electronic warfare solutions and performs research in areas ranging from linguistics to quantum computing.
sas is headquartered in mckinney, texas usa.
extremes client and project list is a veritable whos who or whats what in the entertainment field working with all major networks and studios, ad agencies and production companies.
strong working knowledge of sql and experience in python and, or r. experience working with visualization and dashboarding tools like tableau, power bi is a plus.
degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or other quantitative discipline.
founded in 2001, qlarion is a dynamic and rapidly growing consulting firm focused on providing analytics and data management solutions to public sector and related organizations.
5+ years of experience in data analysis and problem solving, data prep and quality, and data integration
experience with tableau-specific delivery projects a must.
strong excel skills, including using functions, formulas to manipulate data such as v-lookup, pivot tables, error-checking, developing properly formatted reports, and using excel in budget, cost analysis, or forecasts a must.
experience with bi tools, eg.
experience with bi and data visualization a plus.
strong oral and written communication skills.
job description, bi quality intelligence analyst works with the team for our clients analytics and reporting.
\xa0, requires experience in analytics and project experience in data querying, statistical programming and data visualization using tools such as sas, sql, r, power bi, tableau, or ssrs.
establishes and maintains subject matter data dictionaries, metadata, data definitions and other supporting material that support the overall quality data build and governance.
develops and maintains electronic data capture tools and analytics for error identification, testing and output generation that serve to assure the integrity of quality data.
follows data management standards to ensure analytics and reporting meet various quality initiatives needs while ensuring accuracy and quality of data.
develops and executes on advanced project plans with realistic goals and timelines.
exhibits analytical thinking and problem solving which reliably involves assessing a situation, understanding them as fully as possible, accurately and completely defining project requirements, and making judgments about possible solutions to a problem.
certification in lean, six green belt or certification as a project management professional – preferred.
minimum of 2 years directly related experience in a customer-facing role, internal or external, with analytically challenging projects in it or healthcare analytics that includes programming, sql or comparable, and reporting design, business objects, crystal reports, microstrategy, microsoft analytics services, sas, ssis, ms sql reporting server, etc, would consider strong candidate that is a recent graduate.
advanced proficiency in microsoft office products, particularly in excel.
project management.
new business development.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
the data analyst position will work with the data architect and be a liaison with department users to analyze, document and design solutions to meet data analysis and reporting solutions.
work directly with data architect to define, develop and implement data analysis solutions.
install and configure software as necessary to support data analysis and reporting functionality.
provides consulting, instruction, direction and technical assistance to departments as required for data analysis and reporting development.
analyze, develop, implement and document databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
acquire data from primary or secondary data sources using standard sql.
adhere to current data visualization standards for report design.
provide documentation and training to departments as necessary to assist with data analysis and reporting.
provide accurate project estimates to include schedule and cost for assigned projects.
ensure proper security measures are applied as necessary to data repositories and reports.
minimum qualifications and special requirements, a bachelors degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or a related field and two years progressively responsible experience in a directly related area, knowledge of.
tableau data analysis software.
data visualization design principles.
project management.
a wide variety of analytical processes, governance, measurement, information security, etc.
key bi trends.
conduct research; analyze findings; prepare and present recommendations to management.
applicants must have advanced excel skills and strong access database skills.
2+ years of experience in analytics focused on isolating data quality issues and maintaining data sets.
experience in excel, relational databases, database concepts, and database design.
strong interpersonal, oral and written communication and presentation skills.
bs, ba degree, preferably in a technical or research field.
experience in access database, sql, and sap.
knowledge of vba, python automation programs like winautomation.
this position is responsible for updating and maintaining clinical and operational business intelligence, bi, from many complex data sources, using various analytic methods.
maintains thorough understanding of data sources, information architecture, and documentation workflows.
experience with modern data visualization techniques and software, preferably tableau.
experience with data cleaning and manipulation using data workflow tools, alteryx, knime, rapidminer.
familiar with standard project management techniques.
experience with statistical software, r, spss, sas, minitab, and inferential statistics.
experience with survey research methods.
prior experience with microsoft office suite, access, excel, outlook, word, powerpoint.
to provide professional support to the department of veterans affairs in capturing systems, requirements, and visualization information and then consolidating and providing both written reports and dashboard visualizations.
microsoft power bi.
other visualizations tools, tableau, etc.
html, seniority level.
the primary responsibility of this role is supporting the analytics function for the terminix brand and the associated data, processes and programming, sas, r, python, sql, etc.
sas, or r, python, sql, etc, programming and data analytic support including data extraction, cleansing, match, merging and loading processes.
data conversions - convert data from any format into sas or related datasets for use in analytics.
maintaining accountability for the analytics testing process including: initial approval, test site selection, measurement, rollout decision and exit strategy.
participate in design, development and testing of databases, data services and requirements.
software maintenance including sas, or r, python, sql, etc, and other function specific software.
data management on the server, customer data, mailing data files, pricing data.
statistics or a related field preferred.
expert knowledge of data infrastructure, analytics platforms, sas, r, python, sql, etc, and reporting functions, concepts, practices, and procedures, pricing, marketing, operations data, etc.
experience with complex structured problem solving and critical thinking through data and analysis.
excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
the data analyst will be responsible for implementing the digital tagging and analytics measurement strategy and supporting data collection on all platform implementations, google tag manager, google analytics 360 suite, customer data platforms like salesforce and pardot, and assuring the validity of the data on a continuing basis.
the data analyst should be highly skilled in working with sql, google analytics, google tag manager, google big query as well as one or more business intelligence tools.
centralize and standardize digital tracking, analytics, and associated data quality by working with developers and digital producers to determine appropriate metrics and behavior to track on new and existing properties.
degree in marketing technology, analytics, math, finance, statistics, engineering or related discipline.
working knowledge of sql.
understanding htm, html5, css, java script.
experience with a, b testing tools, google optimize or optimizely.
other dashboard reporting tools such as tableau.
familiarity with r, sass or other analytics tools.
experience working in an agile environment.
along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.
conceptual understanding of foundations of statistics and modeling, distributions, parameter estimation, confidence intervals and tests, etc.
proficient understanding of a statistical programming language such as r, python, or julia.
the ability to manipulate data with sql.
experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
the ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as shiny or django.
develop machine learning models to apply test data algorithms to future data.
validate models, analytical techniques and develop algorithms to execute analytical functions.
experience in creating and advanced statistics such as: regression, time-series forecasting, clustering, decision trees, exploratory data analysis methodology, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, optimization, unstructured data analysis, and neural networks.
researches and adapts existing open-source algorithms when possible and develops novel techniques when needed.
experience in applying data analysis techniques to a large set of data using big data systems.
advanced analytics knowledge and application in the field of: statistics, mathematical programming.
business development.
the technology organization, product, engineering and data science, at thrasio is responsible for building the internal tools that will help ensure data quality and create opportunity for our great people here to quickly access data and make decisions related to growth of our brands, soon to be thousands of products, as we continue our goal of being the number one seller on amazon.
working closely with the business to develop and follow project roadmaps, including key activities, stakeholder engagement, and milestones.
conferred bachelor’s degree ideally in a quantitative field, mathematics, economics, statistics, quantitative, physics, engineering, etc.
process-oriented with strong organizational and communication skills.
excel: vlookups, pivot tables, macros, formulas,
sql.
tableau, mode analytics, etc is a nice to have but not required.
design, develop, and deploy sql server integration services, ssis, packages.
develop power bi dashboards, reports and data models.
develop reports in sql server reporting services, ssrs.
assist in maintaining a reporting environment and data standards for the company including report security, access.
understanding of bi best practices, methodologies, relational database management concepts, dimensional data modeling, data warehouse concepts and reporting techniques.
comfortable learning new data analysis techniques independently and continuously.
solid sql skills and demonstrated proficiency with report building.
exposure to visual studio, sql server data tools.
exposure to power bi dashboard, report, data modeling configuration and implementation through power bi services.
exposure to dax language, power bi, power pivot, ssas tabular.
excellent spoken and written communication skills.
strong problem solving and decision making skills.
microsoft ssas and power bi experience is a plus.
business development.
organize collected data in excel format.
must be pursuing an undergraduate degree in business, science, or math.
must have experience in basic statistics, modeling, constructing graphs, and interpreting data.
mid-level experience with excel.
looking for a sr. business data analyst who has strong experience working on requirement gathering and sql.
must have experience on data analysis and business operations experience.
experience with excel would be a plus.
builds data pipelines to pull together development data from corporate cloud computing, aws, bdp edge, database by working with it database engineer business counterpart.
conducts etl, extract, transform and load, to integrate, consolidate and clean data set to prepare data analysis.
provide data visualization tool, spotfire, and set up dashboards for randd team’s engineering analysis.
co-work with team on data source and required parametric to applies expertise in statistics and building machine learning models to explore correlation among different group of data, makes predictions on head physical, wafer level, back end, and performance.
validate data visualization and prediction models.
ms or phd in computer science, ee, data science, statistics or related disciplines.
outstanding statistical analysis skill, proficient in jmp, matlab, sql etc.
experience in python, machine learning techniques.
knowledge in data visualization software such as spotfire and tableau.
proficiency in sql with 1+ years of experience working with large data sets.
strong interpersonal and communication skills, with the ability to communicate and influence effectively across various departments.
experience with github, terminal, development with various data management systems a plus.
tableau and other data visualization, bi experience a plus.
analyst, scientist intern will work with the engagement teams to apply, data analytics to both internal financial forecasting and our clients, requirements of data integration and extraction.
gain an understanding of agile software development processes.
developing statistical models and algorithms.
financial forecasting.
project details, job responsibilities.
strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to.
\xa0 you will be tasked to take governance over sophisticated data mappings, movements and big data buildouts, analysis.
etl-bi mdm.
sql queries.
data visualization, predictive analytics.
hadoop data lake.
partner with business stakeholders to develop specifications for data integration and movement that includes performing data analysis, identify data related issues and provide a suggested resolution, create source, target mappings and transformation, load and data cleansing rules.
champion data quality.
investigate data quality issues and develop improvement plans.
4+ years’ experience with data migration and sql required.
· \xa0 \xa0 \xa0 \xa0ability to write mid-level complexity sql code.
7-10 plus years working with sql, etl, acess, tableau, or other reporting tools\xa0.
sql query expert.
analytical and visualization tools: tableau.
knowledge and experience in data mining, or information retrieval utilizing database toolsets.
must be highly proficient in sql, data model concepts, both logical and physical.
join an elite big data analytics team doing enterprise data analysis.
invaluable experience with big data.
\xa0we place a high importance on cultural fit as this role will be pivotal in establishing a culture of openness, positive communication, and continuous learning.
support the growth of the voice product through user segmentation, funnels, retention analysis, and regression models.
help organize workflows by driving analysis and insights on business drivers in an agile development framework.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, math, or other quantitative field preferred.
knowledge of descriptive, predictive models and data visualization tools like tableau, mode analytics.
excellent verbal and written communication skills so that data can be turned into understandable information for managers and stakeholders.
excellent stakeholder and project management skills, as well as the ability to both plan and execute projects of varying time horizons and scope with minimal guidance.
the it data analyst is responsible for performing detailed data requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing some user acceptance testing.
evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, identifying areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions using data analysis and data profiling.
gathering critical information from multiple stakeholders to specify and validate business reporting or data extracts using data mapping and data quality techniques.
establishing accurate data definitions and producing audience appropriate data models for the business or project domain.
managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
5-8 years of experience in software development and database applications with a majority of this experience in data strategy, sourcing, modeling, integration, and architecture.
strong knowledge of sql and query tools.
experience in data analysis, data profiling, data mapping, and data quality.
familiarity with technology and data management principles.
familiarity with technology and data management principles.
provide data analysis technical expertise to problem solve and troubleshoot various situations and to develop outcomes within established program and project guidelines.
provide and making recommendations on multiple statistical analysis tools relevant to the analysis of communication system architectures and network models as well as provide advance microsoft excel support.
highly proficient with computers and software applications to include ms office product, word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, etc.
technical expertise in data analysis, data accuracy, and data quality.
strong verbal and written communication skills; application of communicative interpersonal skills.
conducts problem solving and ongoing evaluation of data elements for utility, data integrity, and quality through analysis and interpretation.
makes presentations to medical center leadership, project teams, and external groups.
* previous project management knowledge and skills.
coursework in statistics.
test, maintain, and update mailing list using ms excel and sql.
review, manipulate, and test email html.
ensure integrity and security of company data.
adhere to all company safety and security policies.
experience with enterprise software applications, systems networking, data manipulation, basic html, image design tools, and user support.
identifies and compiles data sets using a variety of tools, sql, access, to help predict, improve, and measure the success of key business to business outcomes.
responsible for documenting data requirements, data collection, processing, cleaning, and exploratory data analysis; which may include utilizing statistical models, algorithms and data visualization techniques.
commands intermediate to expert level t-sql coding proficiency.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, finance, mathematics, statistics, or similar, or equivalent work experience.
subject to a u. s. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
proficiency with the microsoft office suite, primarily word and excel.
ability to work in a team environment where strong communication skills, both verbal and written are required.
exceptional organizational, time management and verbal, written communication skills.
applicants selected will be subject to a u. s. government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
our team consists of creative and experienced individuals that use a collaborative approach working with diverse groups to produce transformative river and stream restoration and freshwater resource management results that will stand the test of time in a changing world, the position, the data analyst coordinates and implements internal initiatives such as organizational knowledge management, internal procedures, internal networks and project coordination.
we are seeking applicants with excellent written and oral communication skills and strong quantitative and creative problem-solving capabilities as well as an interest in public and stakeholder engagement.
support analytical tasks, such as water supply forecasting or basin assessments, climate vulnerability assessments, and sustainability metrics tracking and analysis efforts for both water and associated habitats.
conduct research and interviews, analyze information and data, and synthesize findings into clearly written informative summaries, fact sheets, presentations, or reports.
research and track trends, issues, and policies related to water resource management, climate change, mitigation and adaptation, renewable energy, habitat conservation, and other sustainability and conservation topics.
participate in wwts compliance monitoring and compliance duties; analyze, report and track project and program outcome metrics, coordinate with staff to maintain project database, support project management, including scoping, budgeting, planning, project monitoring, communicating with clients.
may provide research and policy analysis in support of legislative, corporate and, or policy priorities.
advanced skills in gis, microsoft excel, familiarity with satellite data, smart sheets and tableau.
strong communication skills: written, verbal, presentation skills, professionalism and discretion.
this team is responsible for the enterprise data warehouse.
writing sql.
supporting testing.
complex sql queries.
large enterprise data warehouse experience.
must be outgoing and have good communication skills.
the research data analyst will oversee and manage research projects for the mch india center as well as research pilot grants extended to faculty outside of the center.
the position will make important design and data collection methodology recommendations.
have primary responsibility for data collection, cleaning, management analysis, interpretation, and reporting.
this includes the development and testing of data collection tools, recommendations as to appropriate evaluation measures, and managing the actual data.
the research data analyst will also assist in overall center functions as needed.
the research data analyst will.
serve as the project manager for research projects conducted within the center.
manage the day-to-day activities of mch india center qualitative, quantitative and mixed-methods research studies as needed, including preparing irb documents and reports.
conduct data management and oversee data cleaning, entry, and quality checks.
conduct basic data analysis, including linear and logistic regression.
assist in the development of data collection tools, such as surveys, tracking sheets, and observation checklists.
help draft abstracts, manuscripts, and disseminate research findings to a primarily academic audience.
for jobs where equivalency is permitted, up to two years of non-related college course work may be applied towards the total minimum education, experience required for the respective job, preferred qualifications, bachelors degree in biology, statistics, nutrition, epidemiology, global health, public health or a related field.
masters degree in epidemiology, public health, global health or a related field, at least one, 1, year of experience coordinating global health, maternal and child health and vaccine related research projects.
experience in quantitative data analysis.
strong analytic skills including knowledge of research evaluation and data management.
excellent project management and organizational skills.
outstanding oral and written communication skills.
working knowledge of a statistical software package, such as sas, stata, spss or r. must be able to work independently in a fast-paced environment and meet project deadlines.
classified title: research data analyst.
working title: research data analyst.
the pre-employment physical for positions in clinical areas, laboratories, working with research subjects, or involving community contact requires documentation of immune status against rubella, german measles, rubeola, measles, mumps, varicella, chickenpox, hepatitis b and documentation of having received the tdap, tetanus, diphtheria, pertussis, vaccination.
this may include documentation of having two, 2, mmr vaccines; two, 2, varicella vaccines; or antibody status to these diseases from laboratory testing.
research.
the ideal data analyst also has strong writing and communication skills and can build relationships with both their team members and client stakeholders.
development and execution of independent verification and validation test scripts and plans, as well as production-based operational acceptance testing.
fluency in microsoft office suite, outlook, excel, word, powerpoint, visio, etc.
demonstrated leadership, analytical, organization, interpersonal, communication skills, and highly developed microsoft suite skills required.
ability to provide exceptional client service, research and resolve issues, and demonstrated commitment to continuous learning.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
experienced in microsoft excel.
research.
passionate about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and experimentation.
has experience of standard database reporting and query tools and a knowledge of writing queries with sql.
knowledge of analytics platforms, such as spotfire and tableau, and visualization and visualization techniques and concepts is essential.
knowledge of r, python and advanced analytics is an advantage.
knowledge of and experience with pharmaceutical systems, i. e. clinical trial management systems, drug safety, edc, and technical details of data management in those environments.
has expertise in translating complex business requirements into relevant solutions required qualifications, you have a masters degree in computer science, engineering or equivalent, 10+ years business systems analysis and analytics experience with various types of software development life cycle methodologies and technologies.
role description engage on the development of a data governance process, procedures and guidelines, ensuring integration with information technology processes and policies.
perform data analysis to measure and enforce high data quality standards.
participate in internal and external testing of cat.
troubleshoot issues to mitigate and resolve data quality concerns.
3-5 years experience in a technology or data management role.
excellent verbal and written communication skills to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.
experience working with data mining analytics technology solutions.
you will play a part to support financial landscape, speed, quality and cost efficiency thru budgeting, forecasting, financial analysis and reporting.
bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, or statistics.
proficiency in excel and powerpoint.
experience with tableau and other digital visualization tools.
good problem solving skills.
provide in-depth credit worthiness assessment on business credit card portfolio through developing score card, risk model and algorithms to predict commercial card performance.
data management, commercial card credit analysis and excellent communication skills are required to be successful in this role.
bs, ba degree in finance, accounting, statistics, math or economics with 3+ year direct work experience in data analytics on commercial card portfolio.
demonstrated expertise in commercial credit data management and reporting are required.
prefer deep experience on data management in deferent data systems, especially commercial card systems, fd, tsys, etc.
demonstrated proficiency working with computers and microsoft office applications, specifically, outlook, excel, visio, word, and powerpoint.
business development.
job category staff and executive - research, laboratory, non-laboratory.
this position works and trains under the direction of leadership within the business intelligence unit, biu, and the assistant director of data management at the center for state health policy.
engages in detailed research projects undertaken at the request of the dmahs director, assistant commissioner or senior management to inform the future direction of the nj familycare program.
develops ad-hoc reports from the states data warehouse in response to requests for information made pursuant to the open public records act, press inquiries, and inquiries from various sources within state government, including for example, individuals from dmahs, other dhs divisions, including dhs senior management, department of health, department of treasury, department of children and families, and the office of the governor, provided that only hipaa safe harbor de-identified information can generally be provided outside of dmahs.
supports the office of business intelligence and the states data warehouse in the linking of various data sets that may be useful for developing methods of healthcare quality improvement and cost containment in nj familycare; and.
bachelors degree in relevant disciplines including statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology, health informatics, it, policy analysis, administration, public health, economics, engineering, computer science, or information security.
a minimum of five, 5, years of professional experience querying, analyzing, and reporting on complex healthcare data sets utilizing such programs such as access, sas, sql, sap bi or equivalent.
good collaborator, with the ability and motivation to progress rapidly in assimilating and applying advanced techniques in statistical analysis and programming, complex data management, and systems improvement strategies.
work productively and cooperatively with project team members in a highly collaborative, supportive environment.
possess strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills.
masters degree in relevant disciplines including statistics, biostatistics, epidemiology, health informatics, it, policy analysis, administration, public health, economics, engineering, computer science, or information security.
experience working with and analyzing complex hospital or other healthcare provider billing, ehr data, medicaid, medicare claims and other health utilization data for research, program evaluation, and policy development within an academic or government agency setting.
extensive knowledge of data management and manipulation using a combination of the following tools: ms access, excel, sql, python, r, sas, stata, geographic mapping software or other business, da.
the business intelligence power, bi, data analyst will architect, \xa0develop, and provide operational support skills to deliver and maintain business intelligence, data warehousing, reporting, and visualization solutions for a wide range of business functions.
design, develop, and deploy logical or physical data models that support information delivery and the data visualization needs of the business using data warehousing concepts and dimensional data modeling.
\xa0co-ordinate data modeling, etl development, and testing activities\xa0with teammates and business resources.
data quality with users through regression testing and troubleshooting.
\xa0deliver data models using agile development releases.
education and experience, \xa0bachelors degree in computer or data science or similar field, \xa03-5 years of experience as a data warehouse, bi developer, which includes experience with, but not limited to: azure cloud environment, aas, data factory, and data lake, ms sql server, ssas, ssrs, ssdt, ms power bi, and master data management.
\xa0able to understand basic software development languages and tools.
privacy policy.
google privacy policy.
frequency of data collection.
automate data gathering activities identify application owners refine tier structure refine application list define requirement for tool integration, bac, ops ware, openview, onaro, clarity, team websites, etc, define integration paths with change management define structure and process to manage configuration files, application and service mapping in ddm, work with project team to develop asset management processes and procedures in application of hp asset center.
perform exploratory data analysis, data cleansing, anddata visualization using data mining tools.
write sas and, or sql programs for data extraction; modifyexisting programs for data extraction.
advanced user of excel, incl.
macros and advancedfunctions, access, sharepoint, toad, vba, odbc connections, visual studio, andsas or sql; must be able to prepare and edit complex documents in word andpowerpoint.
strong analytical and problem solving skills; strongteamwork and collaboration skills.
strong decision making, attention to detail, and writtenand oral communication skills.
research
jpi has an immediate opening for a highly motivated strategic thinker and data management professional to support day to day initiatives and tasks for the uscg.
data analytics, forecasting, performance measurement, metrics generation and reporting.
development and maintenance of integrated master schedules, project plans and dashboards.
use of project management information systems to support ongoing project management efforts.
develop project artifacts including charters, agendas, minutes, and correspondence with appropriate classification designation, i. e. fouo, pii etc.
contribute to program management working sessions and supporting program managers in executing day-to-day project management activities.
support development of internal and external communication action plans and follow-on implementation efforts in a deadline-driven environment.
requirements include, bachelors degree in business, management, communications or a related field, experience in database usage, report generation and data analysis.
hands-on experience with data visualization tools, i. e. :
tableau, idashboards, etc, is a plus.
using\xa0ms powerpoint and excel.
strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills.
the master data analyst will be responsible for monitoring raw materials, packaging materials, finish goods, vendor and customer master data with the purpose of improving data quality and timing.
it will act as a liaison between the different business functions and our 3rd party data management team.
■ you have excellent communication skills and are customer-focused.
peeriq is looking for a multi-talented, intellectually curious and process-minded data analyst with an in-depth understanding and hands-on experience supporting data processing routines, etl processes, and validation of data quality.
as such, you will play a key role in orchestrating and automating the data ingestion pipeline to make it more flexible while maintaining a high level of quality.
you will also be expected to perform ad-hoc data analysis and data investigations and interact with internal teams and clients in order to resolve data issues.
partner closely with data engineering to build highly configurable, scalable, robust data processing infrastructure and applications.
provide analytical support to client delivery team with data onboarding for new clients and adhoc data analysis.
receive, inspect, validate, transform, clean, and load data received in a variety of formats, excel, cvs, xml, from a variety of sources using various open-source applications, eg.
jupyter notebook, pycharm etc. identify erroneous or anomalous data and take action to correct or remove errors in order to restore data sets to reliable levels.
high proficiency with advanced microsoft excel.
decent proficiency with python and sql.
excellent verbal communication skills and attention to detail.
are you an excel whiz who works well with large datasets.
our client, a multinational software and tech company, needs a junior data analyst, like you, to use your data analysis expertise in reviewing regional reports, then reconfiguring and reformatting the data for better tracking.
this is a great chance to flex your advanced excel skills in using pivot tables and other medium-level formulas.
2 to 4 years of data analysis experience required, with previous experience analyzing large datasets in excel.
advanced proficiency with microsoft excel including complex formulas, pivot tables, v-lookups, and other business fundamentals required.
excellent oral and written communication with the ability to communicate data insights and escalate issues.
organized with the ability to follow through on project deadlines.
the data analyst will have experience establishing databases and data structures, and working with applications including gis, excel, sql and other data modeling tools to support business decision making.
individuals with interest or knowledge in data analytics, machine learning, and ai will thrive well in the environment we are creating.
independently perform data collection, cleansing, transitioning and analytical processes and produce high quality reports.
understanding of qa, qc measures for data governance and able to support implementation of such measures both internally and with clients.
a good understanding of technologies used to support data and information management – including gis, excel, sql, oracle.
six years of experience in interpreting and analyzing data for data-driven solutions, data regression models using predictive data modeling and analyzing data mining algorithms.
experience and in depth knowledge of microsoft excel analysis pak, minitab, ms sql analysis services, python and, or r in processing data for artificial intelligence and machine learning.
proficiency and in-depth experience in using agile concepts and best practices.
s and linux o, s. experience in ms sql, mysql, c, c, c, java, java script, json, iis, apache web server, ruby, php and mysql.
bachelor degree in computer science or engineering or mathematics or statistics.
microsoft certified solutions associate, mcsa, machine learning certification.
all candidates selected will be subject to a security background investigation.
all candidates selected will be subject to a background security investigation and must meet all eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
business development.
jdsat is an operations research and data sciences firm currently seeking talented analysts in fields of operations research, data science, engineering, computer science or related fields.
the ideal candidate for this position is an analytically curious and enthusiastic data analyst who is passionate about data management, business intelligence, data visualization, and the development and maintenance of data products.
the consultant will produce technical data analysis on several existing work streams; work with customers to evaluate new requirements; serve as a technical expert capable of clearly explaining technical methodologies in lay terms; deliver technical solutions that meet requirements; and evaluate data sets to creatively explore how they can be developed into new work streams.
write and execute queries using sql.
extract, transform, integrate, and analyze data from disparate relational database management systems.
develop data models and data products using excel, vba, and a data science language like r or python.
develop data visualizations based on ad hoc data analysis.
support visualization development for supply chain management tools.
bachelor’s degree in a technical, quantitative field such as operations research, data science, engineering, analytics, computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics, or similar.
strong experience implementing sql queries to extract and transform data for ad hoc analysis.
strong experience developing data analysis products and models using excel and visual basic for applications.
experienced conducting data analysis in a data science language such as r or python.
experienced using ms office including word, powerpoint, and excel.
excellent oral and written communication skills, including demonstrated experience developing briefing slides, metric charts, and similar analytical products.
familiarity and understanding of statistical modeling concepts such as linear and logistic regression.
possess or be able to obtain an active secret-level security clearance.
strong statistical foundations in predictive analytics, such as linear and logistic regression.
exposure to multi-objective optimization modeling or goal programming.
experience creating, developing, and implementing data analytics architecture, including data warehousing, data visualization, analytic modeling, and reporting.
experience creating, developing, and implementing large-scale optimization models.
you will sharpen your knowledge on challenging projects with a great deal of autonomy while operating alongside other talented operations research and data science professionals.
communicates effectively across corporate and regional groups in both written and verbal formats to enhance data collection, organization, and follow through.
adhere to data quality best practices and policies.
intermediate sql query writing experience.
data management experience in the financial services industry preferred.
knowledge of data warehouse, data lakes and other associated technologies preferred.
by focusing on markets facing transformational change, technology-driven innovation, and significant regulatory pressure, our employees also develop and deploy world class knowledge and problem solving that leads to breakthrough solutions.
identify opportunities for efficiencies with data management and innovative approaches to completing scope of work.
support the creation of data collection and analytical excel tools using advanced excel skills, including testing the functionality of the tool, data entry, formulas, formatting, analysis.
participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues.
support testing and validation activities for all systems and tools to ensure data integrity and compatibility, including data exchange and data import processes.
conduct cross-support for data management and data
conduct relevant research, data analysis, and create reports.
document key aspects of data management workflows and system releases.
actively expand consulting skills and professional development through training courses, mentoring, and daily interaction with clients qualifications, bachelors degree in accounting, business, finance or other business-related field, 3-5 years of relevant consulting or industry experience in data analysis, it project management, computer technology, software, machine learning, analytics, mathematics, or statistics.
experience establishing and maintaining dashboards, excel, tableau, etc, and reports.
proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation tools, research skills.
experience running statistical analyses using sas, stata, or other software.
active secret security clearance desired.
by focusing on markets facing transformational change, technology-driven innovation, and significant regulatory pressure, our employees also develop and deploy world class knowledge and problem solving that leads to breakthrough solutions.
identify opportunities for efficiencies with data management and innovative approaches to completing scope of work.
support the creation of data collection and analytical excel tools using advanced excel skills, including testing the functionality of the tool, data entry, formulas, formatting, analysis.
participate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issues.
support testing and validation activities for all systems and tools to ensure data integrity and compatibility, including data exchange and data import processes.
conduct cross-support for data management and data
conduct relevant research, data analysis, and create reports.
document key aspects of data management workflows and system releases.
actively expand consulting skills and professional development through training courses, mentoring, and daily interaction with clients qualifications, bachelors degree in accounting, business, finance or other business-related field, 3-5 years of relevant consulting or industry experience in data analysis, it project management, computer technology, software, machine learning, analytics, mathematics, or statistics.
experience establishing and maintaining dashboards, excel, tableau, etc, and reports.
proficiency in word processing, spreadsheet, and presentation tools, research skills.
experience running statistical analyses using sas, stata, or other software.
active secret security clearance desired.
identified as one of the top 100 fastest growing private businesses in san diego by the sd business journal, hnm systems is a rapidly growing, people-drive communication information and emerging technology staffing and consulting firm.
the senior data analyst also provides support with project management services for large data projects.
• excellent pc skills –advanced excel functions.
• excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
• knowledge of jde and other data analysis and financial software and tools.
awareness of data reported in cyber security.
align standards, frameworks and security with overall business and technology.
participate in daily agile sprint meetings, set up review meetings, prepare status updates on periodic.
5+ years of enterprise data analytical experience and using technologies such as tableau, microsoft power bi and the like, sql, and query syntax.
+ years of experience working in and, or dynamic cross-competency teams using a structured project development methodology.
experience with data quality research, testing, reporting.
knowledge of database design techniques and advanced sql and nossql skills.
desire to enhance development skills and research alternatives to accomplish tasks and drive innovation.
positive interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to listen, ask probing questions, and ensure accurate understanding of internal client needs.
ability to function independently and within an agile team.
solid experience in exploratory data analysis and visualization.
created visualization using, kibana.
microsoft power bi, tableau.
knowledge of data engineering and data science with machine learning a. experience with jira.
computer and network security
we are looking for someone that can handle requests from business users and has a desire to grow into a more technical data engineering role in the future.
build automated and scalable data processes in sql and python.
advanced sql skills with the ability to write and optimize complex queries.
+ years experience using python for data analysis and automation.
interest in data engineering and, or data science.
experience working with airflow, docker, aws, azure.
our work hard-play hard environment has been consistently recognized with best place to work awards, and our and industry-leading processes push us to the top of technology and security “best in breed” lists.
infomart is a respected provider of background screening and drug testing services.
must possess good computer skills including microsoft products, outlook, and internet research.
be a self-motivator, have excellent written communication skills, be able to meet deadlines, and be able to work well under intense pressure.
good reading, writing, and mathematical skills; good verbal and written communication skills; strong ability to collect and organize information; solid phone and computer skills; must be comfortable working in a close-knit, team environment where attitude and work ethic are important.
all job applicants will undergo testing for presence of illegal drugs as a condition of employment.
develop fully automated data solutions and manage release of those automated solutions to a controlled production environment performs data analysis and evaluates trend analysis using sql and etl aggregation methods manages projects and program execution of moderate complexity.
develop fully automated data solutions and manage release of those automated solutions to a controlled production environment performs data analysis and evaluates trend analysis using sql and etl aggregation methods.
leads the gathering, analysis, documentation, and communication of business and technical requirements for new solutions or enhancements for current solutions.
business and technical requirements are met during the project delivery process and during user acceptance testing.
bachelor s degree in computer science, data information systems, health information management field or 4 years experience in data analysis, reporting and, or product management.
4 years experience in data analysis and, or preparing database reports.
strong interpersonal skills and ability to project manage and work with cross-functional teams.
experience with agile management and product lifecycle.
the junior cloud analyst will act as part of data services platform team that is responsible for the design, development and management of the companys database and data warehouse platforms.
builds powershell scripts, ssis jobs, build azure, aws data pipelines.
assists in designing, developing and deploying of data preparation processes to be utilized for data warehouses, repositories, big data platforms, self-service reporting solutions, scorecards and dashboards on financial data using analytical and visualization tools.
minimum 1 year of microsoft azure, aws development, implementation experience - required.
1 year of experience with big data concepts and common components including azure, spark and multiple languages, java, scala, python, r, and integration with consumption tools.
sql, powershell and, or python scripting experience.
strong technology background with 1 year of etl and sql coding experience.
net, c, vb script, or java application development experience.
1 year of etl coding experience using ssis, azure data factory and other tools.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
azure data factory pipeline build, deploy and azure databricks develop, implement, troubleshoot experience.
1 year of spark development.
has working knowledge of technologies such as sql, python and tableau to manage data preparation, analysis and presentation.
bs, ba degree in business administration, statistics, mathematics, or related field, or equivilent work experience.
experience in data analysis with the ability to identify causations and correlations within multiple datasets.
excellent technical analytical experience - to include some of the following excel, sql, python, r, tableau or data studio.
have experience in machine learning and can identify the correct opportunities of where to use it and construct the appropriate training and production of models.
electronic communication review.
strong oral and written communication skills.
eurofins scientific is an international life sciences company, providing a unique range of analytical testing services to clients across multiple industries, to make life and our environment safer, healthier and more sustainable.
eurofins believes it is a global leader in food, environmental, pharmaceutical and cosmetics products testing and in agroscience cro services.
it is also one of the global independent market leaders in certain testing and laboratory services for genomics, discovery pharmacology, forensics, cdmo, advanced material sciences and in the support of clinical studies.
eurofins offers a portfolio of over 200, 000 analytical methods to evaluate the safety, identity, composition, authenticity, origin, traceability and purity of biological substances and products, as well as providing innovative clinical diagnostic testing services, as one of the leading global emerging players in specialised clinical diagnostics testing.
experience adopting novel published computational methods for single-cell data analysis.
experience with genomics data analysis.
knowledge of r, bioconductor, and python.
extract, analyze raw data sets from various providers; implement customized sql scripts to identify patterns, data anomalies.
utilize vb, sql stored procedures to enhance data loading.
altus engineering is seeking a statistical data analyst to support our dod client in analysis research and development projects for leading edge radio frequency communication models and technologies.
is knowledgeable across the spectrum of data analysis techniques.
has strong communication skills, both written and oral.
additional requirements: u. s. citizenship and capability to obtain security clearance.
5yrs data analysis or statistician experience.
experience performing queries on a relational database management system, ms sql, postgresql, mysql, etc.
experience with data science, visualization tools, python, r, jmp, tableau, matlab.
bs or greater in mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, data science, or operations research.
founded in 2003, altus provides high quality services in fields including research and development, modeling and simulation, and full stack software development.
the successful candidate will have 8 or more years’ experience working in supply chain, material handling, or an optimization related field.
estimates time frames, quality and quantity of resources required to successfully develop very complex solutions; develops project plans incorporating all project variables.
prepares weekly status reports on all project activities.
produces a design report that professionally summarizes the project.
typically 8-10 years of successful experience working in supply chain, material handling, distribution center operations or an optimization related field and has successfully demonstrated the key responsibilities as presented above.
high degree of proficiency in ms office suite, access, excel, word, and powerpoint.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
assists in constructing data metrics, statistics, and analyses.
provide trend analysis through the data analysis.
requires experience with sql, preferably oracle.
requires experience with business intelligence tools such as tableau, obiee and powerbi.
fair knowledge of project management and microsoft office tools.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
basic understanding of financial industry, risk management, and, or corporate security.
ability to adjust to rapidly changing security environment and prioritize deliverables.
the data analyst will play a crucial role supporting the vp of strategic planning and analytics, general managers, and executive team in a variety of projects, including kpi development, analysis and tracking; executive-level reporting, visualization; data infrastructure build across a diverse portfolio of businesses; and deep one-off operational analyses.
responsible for processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis, develop an understanding of each operating businesss role within the larger evercommerce organization; maintain an advanced knowledge of their data quality, reference, definitions, sources, and needs.
increase the efficiency of old business processes and aid in the development of new business processes to continually improve data collection processes, integrity, and reliability.
own and track in-year forecasting drivers for each evercommerce operating business, providing ongoing updates and guidance, revision, interpretation to both evercommerce, fpanda, corpdev teams, and field leadership.
own various special data-focused projects to support planning, forecasting, ongoing operations, and corporate development, as necessary.
serve as key executional resource and liaison between evercommerce business, financial leadership and field leadership team to drive completion of annual subsidiary budgeting process.
advanced knowledge of excel and data modeling.
outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
experience with sql and data visualization tools, powerbi, tableau, looker, strongly preferred.
via’s expertise extends to intellectual property law, technology standardization, strategic business development, and program administration.
the data analyst will evaluate via’s internal dataset as well as third-party dataset to drive our ad hoc analyses, deal making, reporting, forecasting, identifying opportunities for revenue recoveries; and, over time, improving existing processes and tools.
we seek a resourceful and organized hard worker who excels at ms excel, who works well with people and who can work independently.
assist revenue forecasting and analysis for patent licensing programs and maintain the metrics for multiple scheduled updates each quarter.
research and analyze large market datasets, identity potential compliance cases or audit candidates for revenue recoveries and provide recommendations to assist decision making process.
bachelor’s degree in finance, computer science, data analytics, statistics, or a related field.
at least three years’ experience in finance, audit, data analysis or related assignments.
ability to synthesize and communicate results of data analysis.
proficiency with ms excel and vba, advanced knowledge of sql.
experience in tableau and other data visualization, bi tools a plus.
excellent interpersonal, and written, verbal communication skills.
this position is primarily a technical analytical role working with an integrated team of developers, testers and project managers.
issue tracking, status reporting, regression testing and data quality verification.
advanced excel knowledge, pivot tables, vlookup, etc.
experience with sql, r, python, big data, tableau, volante, informatica.
track record of delivering high quality data analysis either in school or professionally.
the ideal candidate is data curious, detail oriented, great at communication, and loves solving problems.
implement business intelligence tools like looker, tableau for dashboard reports.
data driven mindset with an advanced degree preferred in a quantitative discipline such as computer science, statistics, engineering, or mathematics.
ability to write complex, efficient and eloquent sql queries to extract data for analysis.
have a solid understanding of sql and can use or a willingness to learn r, python.
experience working in looker or tableau is a plus.
exceptional written and verbal communication skills to influence cross-functional teams.
under direct supervision of the director of data analytics, with latitude for independent initiative and judgment, perform applied research and conduct analyses to detect and predict patterns, answer complex questions and extract insight.
acquire, clean, integrate, analyze and interpret disparate data sets using a variety of geospatial and statistical data analysis and data visualization methodologies, reporting and authoring findings where appropriate.
improve agency data analysis capacity by supporting the data analytics training program, assisting data users with projects, identifying data sources and helping choose and use appropriate techniques and software tools to answer questions.
communications and division data owners to identify data sets, conduct data audits and assist in the development and implementation of processes to improve data interoperability and support data quality and data publication.
demonstrated expertise in statistical, analytical and data visualization software, especially arcgis, sql tools and relevant python libraries.
experience supporting users with the above software tools, as well as excel-based charting, statistical and analytical functions.
proven track record of conducting quantitative and, or geospatial research.
familiarity with open-source packages and prototyping skills such as experience with d3.
the data analyst will support a diverse team of domain experts, developers, and data scientists in designing and testing multiple data systems.
comfortable working in both windows and linux operating systems.
experience using data analysis and visualization techniques and platforms such as: splunk, tableau, and, or powerbi.
experience with relational databases such as microsoft sql server.
versed in applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.
understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms.
familiarity with signal processing, probability and statistics, and basic software design principles.
experience in agile software methodologies, architectural design patterns, and model development and sustainment.
understanding of software and algorithm development in python and r. familiarity with testing and analysis of developed solutions.
advertising campaigns for our clients, working directly with clients on data exchanges, managing pacing of digital campaigns and making optimization recommendations to internal and external stakeholders.
maintain archiving system architecture for all data assets.
with assistance, analyze reports and provide optimization recommendations to planning teams.
advanced knowledge of microsoft excel, access and powerpoint.
sql, python experience a plus.
drill down on results, problem solving analysis, and conduct custom analysis.
reconcile data and procedure with internal ai team.
define data joining procedures, collaborate with and audit procedures from ai team, for new installations and expansions.
confirm that ai team is able to optimize the performance metric desired by the client and that the data provided by the client is sufficient, completeness and usability.
show client how to look at the data and give them comfort around the procedure and the various checks that are part of validation, present results and sql procedures to client via web session.
knowledge of ms office suite – particularly word, excel and powerpoint.
knowledge of sql; r and python would be beneficial.
bachelor’s degree in marketing, economics, statistics, psychology, engineering, computer science, mathematics or finance.
business development.
perform hands-on analysis, while writing custom reports in sql.
perform exploratory data analysis as part of a deep dive on specific analytical questions.
at least 3+ years of experience as a data or bi analyst.
strong sql and data analysis skills.
excellent communication and presentation skills; able to translate and summarize quantitative analysis to short and to-the-point results.
python, r scripting skills a plus.
experience with statistical modeling and experimental design a plus.
undergraduate degree in quantitative major, finance, economics, math, computer science, or equivalent experience.
evaluation and research to validate practices.
conducts research and, or works with a qualified researcher to validate agency practices.
collaborates in the development and implementation of data collection methods.
explore and analyze datasets including data cleaning.
raleigh, nc develop and implement data analysis, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality innovate new analytical models to provide business and data insights you can work across multiple analytical platforms and tools you have technical as well as business knowledge of data and database systems strong data mining, spreadsheet capabilities, excel, access, data analysis skills you have experience with sql database structures and tools strong experience with tableau ppt,
excel, msaccess excellent communication job title: data analyst location:
raleigh, nc develop and implement data analysis, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality innovate new analytical models to provide business and data insights you can work across multiple analytical platforms and tools you have technical as well as business knowledge of data and database systems strong data mining, spreadsheet capabilities, excel, access, data analysis skills you have experience with sql database structures and tools strong experience with tableau ppt, excel, msaccess excellent communication.
they need data analysts to look at the reports to figure out where data is coming from, how its going to be used, who is going to use it, what types of reports are really needed, what reports should be scrapped, what format should the reports be in- should they be tableau.
role sr. data analyst location kirkland, wa required skills java,
sql experience with developing and productionizing data processing pipeline using tools like apache beam, spark andor flink data visualization and dashboard creation experience with statistical modeling approaches.
preferred skills experience with query development and data management tools like plx.
experience with creating effective data visualizations using tools like google data studio and tableau experience using flume java.
strong analytical and problem solving skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
strong pc skills, excel, access.
engineers | product | project | data | | 949-885-5147.
data analyst - informatics - boston, ma. growth-oriented, genetics testing and screening organization needs strong informatics analyst with experience in the healthcare, research space, we are a non-profit cancer research and treatment center, currently expanding our health information team.
major non-profit research center dedicated to treating cancer.
amazing and comprehensive research facility in boston.
research.
r. project management.
tableau.
sas.
njm insurance group is an industry leader among its peers and one of the largest providers of personal auto and workers’ compensation coverage in the state has an opportunity in our commercial lines department for data management analyst.
this position will be responsible for research and analysis in preparation towards geographic and product expansion as well as performing ad hoc querying, reporting and implementing system enhancements.
utilize queries and other data tools to support uat, e2e testing efforts.
proficiency in sql, ssrs, and powerbi is required.
must have excellent communication skills, verbal and written.
applicant must have solid analytical, problem solving and organizational skills.
strong communication and interpersonal skills.
across these applications there is also several reporting and data warehouse tools, \xa0.
work closely with product owners and business stakeholders in or to capture requirements using various techniques such as workshop facilitation, data analysis and task and workflow analysis.
previous experience working in an agile environment.
sql, data querying skills.
experience with writing agile user stories.
who will support strategic business decisions through providing database querying, data analysis, and report, dashboard production.
this person will report to our bi manager and will help shape the way we see, use, and view data moving forward.
conduct source systems data analysis and develop data models to support visualization in tableau.
develop tableau dashboards and perform routine and ad-hoc maintenance.
perform ad-hoc data analysis and generate reports for executive leadership.
1-3 years tableau experience.
experience with data visualization tools.
sql programming skills and a solid understanding of databases.
very strong microsoft excel skills including proficient in pivot tables.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
excellent oral and written communication skills including ability to present to and influence senior and executive management.
tableau desktop certification preferred.
javascript programming skills a plus.
python programming a plus.
data analysis.
supports internal and external data analysis needs for at least one, 1, of five, 5, lines of business: private business, medicare advantage, quest, bluecard and fep and at least two, 2, of eight, 8, major department functions: claims processing, customer servicing, adjustments, refunds, recoveries, coordination of benefits, compliance and audits.
collaborates with internal and external customers to proactively identify data analysis opportunities.
project participation.
leverages previous knowledge and experience and applies a whole company perspective to identify and agree upon business objectives, requirements, project approach and success criteria.
develops project requirements and test cases, executes system testing, creates user documentation and delivers user training.
conducts periodic post-project assessments to confirm that business objectives, metrics and success criteria were achieved or exceeded.
data analysis.
supports internal and external data analysis needs for at least one, 1, of five, 5, lines of business: private business, medicare advantage, quest, bluecard and fep and at least two, 2, of eight, 8, major department functions: claims processing, customer servicing, adjustments, refunds, recoveries, coordination of benefits, compliance and audits.
collaborates with internal and external customers to proactively identify data analysis opportunities.
project participation.
leverages previous knowledge and experience and applies a whole company perspective to identify and agree upon business objectives, requirements, project approach and success criteria.
develops project requirements and test cases, executes system testing, creates user documentation and delivers user training.
conducts periodic post-project assessments to confirm that business objectives, metrics and success criteria were achieved or exceeded.
it also delivers information technology applications, infrastructure, and project services in a cost efficient manner to corning worldwide.
responsible for the design, configuration, management, control, training and communication of the processes and systems responsible for measuring and reporting it data, including but not limited to performance metrics, sla, ola calculations, service provider penalties, waivers, it inventory, creating servicenow dashboards, etc.
inspect, cleanse, transform, and model data with the goal of discovering useful information, suggesting conclusions, and supporting decision-making. apply data mining techniques, conduct statistical analysis, and draw conclusions applicable to the business.
project management skills.
bradys products help customers increase safety, security, productivity and performance and include high-performance labels, signs, safety devices, printing systems and software.
in addition, the analyst will maintain key metrics to enhance business understanding of current performance and forecasting solutions.
assist with data cleansing, mining, visualization and program development across a variety of data platforms.
assist with defining and maintaining business rules and governance for data.
familiarity with programming, analytics tools including r, python, powerbi, tableau, minitab, etc.
2+ years in business environment in a statistics, economics, finance, or technical capacity.
related experience in the following areas: financial analysis, modelling, supporting the strategic planning process, forecasting, and budgeting preferably for a sales.
bachelor’s or master’s degree in operation and decision sciences, marketing, industrial and organizational psychology, behavioral analysis, statistics, economics, data science, or related fields, one to three years success in data entry and data visualization, knowledge of and experience with the automotive industry, data a strong positive.
proficient with gmail, google docs, microsoft word and excel.
under direction of consumer paid rx team analytic leaders, provides price list to operational team to change individual item prices in the company system, per guidelines approved by the segment team and relevant internal governance.
utilizes query based tools to create and run queries used for data mining and analytics to support other job responsibilities and ad hoc projects.
walgreens also provides specialty pharmacy and mail services and offers in-store clinics and other health care services throughout the united states, most of which are operated by our health care strategic partners, external basic qualifications, bachelors degree or high school diploma, ged and at least 3 years of experience in finance, economics, accounting, math, business, actuarial science, or computer science, experience collaborating with internal and external resources to assist in the development of strategies and project plans that meet department goals within budget and established timelines.
advanced level skill in microsoft excel, for example: using average function, merging and centering cells, printing centered page and, or creating a pivot table.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, engineering, computer science or information systems.
knowledge of advanced coding languages, sas, sql, c, etc.
experience with business intelligence tools in support of data analytics, business objects, cognos, tableau, pros, etc.
experience with project management, for example: planning, organizing, and managing resources to bring about the successful completion of specific project goals and objectives.
experience with data extraction, data mining, data acquisition, data profiling, and data warehouse management.
experience in a data warehouse, business intelligence, decision support systems environment or it experience.
knowledge of statistical concepts and data mining techniques.
utilize sas program to interpret and analyze large health care data sets.
1-5 years’ experience using sas, sql or other similar data analytic software.
strong analytical, mathematical, and project management skills.
proficiency using microsoft excel or similar programs.
excellent organizational, interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
our competitive programs, entrepreneurial spirit and team-oriented culture offer a richly rewarding and exciting environment where you can excel and achieve your professional goals.
must have a minimum 4+ years experience in standard programming language practices, requirements definition, change management and problem solving in an analytical role.
critical thinking, problem solving skills and experience with process improvements across different departments within an organization.
software experience: python, r, jmp, microsoft logic apps.
business development.
provides data collection, data management, data analysis and reporting, and decision management tool design and development.
provide basic programming and technical skills to support data management and reporting requirements.
interpret, analyze and provide recommendations regarding data accuracy and data collection needs and processes.
continuously assess and improve data collection and reporting processes.
participate and support staff training related to data collection and reporting.
- database management strongly preferred.
- requires strong expertise in ms excel and relational database such as ms access and other database management, ms sql, and reporting tools.
ability to use reporting software such as actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas, or other.
ability to query the companys data warehouse and, or department systems in response to data requests, magellan health services is proud to be an equal opportunity employer and a tobacco-free workplace.
every employee must understand, comply and attest to the security responsibilities and security controls unique to their position.
full job title: senior associate, research and policy, civil legal system modernization\xa0.
for more than 70 years, we have focused on serving the public, invigorating civic life, conducting nonpartisan research, advancing effective public policies and practices, and achieving tangible results.
today, we conduct research on emerging topics, develop data-driven reports, and highlight innovative approaches in addressing complex problems at the federal, state, and local levels.
our teams explore and advance effective policy reforms using credible, timely, and accessible research, assessing public support for change, identifying approaches that have proved successful elsewhere, and bringing together diverse perspectives to find common ground.
project description.
the civil legal system modernization project was launched in 2018 as an initiative of the pew charitable trusts.
the project works to make the nation’s civil legal system more accessible and affordable to the public by implementing the most promising technologies and tools to assist self-represented litigants and improve state court efficiency.
for more information about this project, visit www.
specifically, the project will.
fill important knowledge gaps about the civil legal system through targeted research.
the senior associate will support the research and research-related public outreach needs of the project.
responsibilities will include helping to shape the project’s research agenda; conducting independent research and providing research support; writing, editing, and publishing the project’s research publications; working with outside contractors; and assisting in outreach and information sharing with policymakers and advocates.
this position will also work collaboratively with colleagues across pew on current projects and explorations of new research and policy opportunities.
provide core research capabilities to the project team.
assist with the development of key research questions relevant to the intersection of the civil legal system, access to justice, and key policy areas, identify appropriate datasets and methodological approaches, and carry out or oversee resulting research projects, assist with the initiative’s contracts.
identify potential contractors, evaluate proposals, monitor progress, and ensure products are delivered on time, within budget, and meet the contracts objectives, translate research materials and court procedures and processes into digestible information for a lay, policymaker audience while ensuring accuracy, clarity, and brevity are prioritized.
contribute significant pieces to larger publications, in collaboration with research officer.
create and oversee timelines and schedules to ensure timely research and release of publications.
collaborate with management to identify and provide background on potential new research and policy opportunities.
bachelor’s degree is required, advanced degree in a field related to public policy, economics, statistics, or law preferred.
at least four years of applicable experience related to research and policy analysis preferred.
experience using at least one statistical software program, stata, r, spss, preferred.
excellent project management skills and a demonstrated ability to meet deadlines and to develop and move projects forward with a high degree of independence and autonomy.
superb written and oral communications skills with an ability to articulate complex ideas, thoughts and concepts into material that accurately and coherently detail research findings.
keen understanding of the importance of rigorous, timely and policy-relevant research; experience disseminating it effectively to policymakers, the media, and the public.
commitment to non-partisan research.
we offer a competitive salary and benefit program, including: comprehensive, affordable health care through medical, dental, and vision coverage; financial security with life and disability insurance; opportunities to save using health savings and flexible spending accounts; retirement benefits to help prepare for the future; and work, life benefits to maintain a good balance.
research.
rhythmone is seeking a data analyst candidate who possesses the right balance of analytical experience, technical skills, and tenacity to help drive business growth through the transformation of big data into meaningful information.
performing ad hoc analyses utilizing sql, tableau, excel, etc.
creating, enhancing, and, or troubleshooting tableau data sources and dashboards.
working with the development and data engineering teams to ensure that all necessary data and pipelines are in place and accessible\xa0.
a proven ability to understand and write complex sql queries.
minimum of two years building tableau data sources and dashboards.
tableau data analyst, 2 vacancies.
$1, 200, $15. 00 per hour, paid bi-weekly.
undergraduate or graduate student; with majors focusing on business management or marketing, communication, information technology, computer science, policy, or social enterprise.
project information.
relying on member reported monthly and annual data, gii is responsible for maintaining an efficient data collection platform and delivering value analytics and insights for the network and its member affiliates.
as part of the platform, gateway, transition and plan for 2020, gii seeks to deliver all previously provided reports and insights in addition to new reports, dashboard and analytics by leveraging gateway’s primary bi, data visualization tool, tableau.
a specific focus will be to organize and deliver analytics using tableau reports and dashboards that can be shared with the broader gii team or shared across the goodwill network and its 157 member affiliates.
support the analytics team on initiatives such as, building reports and dashboards in tableau, evaluating impact of gii services, enhancing current data visualizations, automating legacy data products using tableau and evaluating network performance data to support the delivery of new insights analytics.
review and analyze goodwill member business and mission services data to support the delivery of analytic insights through the development of new tableau reports and dashboards.
data visualization - design tableau dashboards to support business requirements.
data analysis - perform detailed data analysis, understand data structure and content.
strong research, analysis, and information-management skills aided by curiosity, big-picture thinking, and the ability to meaningfully find and connect new information.
knowledge on tableau desktop and tableau server.
design or development experience with tableau, including dashboards, reports, and, or front-end visualizations.
database development experience including custom sql design, plsql, and, or data modeling is preferred.
tableau report development.
extensive knowledge in various reporting objects like facts, attributes, hierarchies, filters, calculated fields, sets, groups, parameters etc, in tableau.
interfacing of tableau dashboard with external portal and applications.
design rich graphic visualizations with modular design of reports, worksheets and views in tableau with a strong understanding of the appropriate chart types, bar charts, line charts, scatter plot, heat maps, to use to highlight patterns in the data.
familiarity with data management tools such as tableau prep builder and using coding environments or sql preferred.
microsoft office skills, including powerpoint, excel, and outlook.
if you have a strong excel, see below, background.
proficient in utilizing excel to perform the following.
formatting data and reformatting datatypes in excel using formulas.
manipulation of large datasets in excel, 100, 000+ rows.
great critical thinking abilities, willingness to learn, and eagerness to do research.
1 year of experience in research, organizational, and business analyses and forecasts.
the data analyst will utilize analysis and visualization software to assist various engineering groups with evaluation of semiconductor wafer foundry, assembly, and wafer sort and final test data for new products introduction and sustaining products support and business needs.
generating engineering reports based on testing and characterization of products in support of ongoing wafer facility management as well as a wafer facility transfers.
knowledge of r, s, or python is desirable.
knowledge of database structures, big data analysis, and a sound fundamental understanding of statistics is desirable.
2-5 years of experience in production, engineering data analysis is desirable.
clear written and verbal communication skills in english are required.
responsibilities clean, manage and analyze service provision data using analytic software packages, sas or spss.
utilize more advanced coding to create automated reports to assess model fidelity and data quality and completeness act as a senior data analyst to analyze data in in the preparation of monthly, quarterly, and annual reports of funded activities, presentations andor papers, and abstracts leads the development of datasets, data tables, and data reporting for matching activities between the data collection system, electronic system for hivaids reporting and evaluation and hiv surveillance and other data sources
act as a liaison to the capacity building branch, cbb, providing data management and technical assistance to dhapcbb colleagues
possesses the ability to aggregate and manipulate complicated data sets, data cleaning.
timely and accurate reports evaluates program outcomes and quality improvement initiatives and produces presentations and written reports, such as white papers and academic articles, on findings and the effectiveness of these initiatives assists with data analysis in continuous quality improvement projects, program evaluations, research projects and other special projects.
requirements graduate degree n epidemiology, statistics, public health, or related field is preferred proven and demonstrated writing capabilities monitoring and evaluation skills.
preferred candidates will have strong analytical skills and reasoning skills strong oral communication skills working knowledge of spss as well as access along with other ms office software proven experience and experience in managing, cleaning, analyzing and reporting on quantitative data strong project management skills with attention to detail ability to work as a member of a team and to interact effectively with research team members ability to effectively represent the contracting company in an impactful manner ability to work on-site at the cdc in atlanta proven ability to work and run reports within spss is required, previous cdc experience also required.
informed by data analysis, you must blend creativity and analytics to create new solutions to complex problems, as well as lead and influence teams to operational excellence with change and improvement.
4+ years of experience in consulting, strategy, business development, operations, technology, banking, analytics or related experience; high-growth start-up experience is a plus.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
advanced excel skills, can perform complex functions, ; sql knowledge a plus.
you will lead a team of data analytic engineers and analysts to implement the technology solutions for data analytics and master data management, mdm.
partner closely with the data scientists team for implementing machine learning and ai based solutions.
develop a strong working knowledge of credit union regulations, compliance standards and data privacy while ensuring that digital initiatives are aligned with requirements.
broad technical expertise that will inspire and encourage creative and collaborative problem solving.
familiarity with tools utilized in advanced analytics development, java, python, scikit learn, tensorflow.
excellent written and oral communication, presentation and facilitation skills.
the team is agile, lean, and composed of hard working, smart, self-starting individuals.
we are looking for an individual with a natural ability understand our clients business questions and use data to quantify and gain knowledge required to answer the questions at hand, practical work experience background with database design, sql development, data extraction, and excel, tableau report design will put you ahead of the curve, a background in computer science and data driven applications is preferred.
capture requirements and collaborate with bi developers to deliver new metrics and reports.
take initiative where appropriate to drive project architecture and processes.
excellent problem solving, analytical, communication and customer-facing skills.
basic experience with report design and delivery using excel, tableau, pivot tabl.
sql database development; t-sql; and complex query development.
business intelligence training with emphasis on sql server analysis services cubes, tabular, tableau.
microsoft sql server certifications, i. e. mcdba, mcsd, mcse.
we couple domain knowledge with agile development and customer success practices that delight customers with quick roi and a steady stream of powerful new features and functions.
the healthcare data analyst is responsible for processing etls, classifying data, custom data analysis, project support, and providing data insights to customers.
research and classify clinical products.
it includes the ability to take data, understand it, and then tell a story, communication.
proficiency in using ms office applications and business communication tools.
performs data management activities and facilitates tasks within the data management team.
responsible for assisting clinical data managers and ensuring that data management services are delivered in a complete, accurate and high quality manner.
manages scheduling of data management deliverables across multiple projects.
works with\xa0senior clinical data manager, clinical program manager, s, and clinical research associates to execute trial.
research.
research.
manage etl processes to ensure ssis packages and sql queries are working accordingly.
advanced excel skills are required such as vlookup and if statements.
hands-on knowledge of common web technologies, javascript, css, html, and integration technologies and protocols, apis, rest, http, sftp, etc.
understanding of common security concepts and standards, sso, saml, oauth, rbac, etc.
solution-oriented; passion for creative problem solving, comfortable tackling new and undefined problem spaces.
6+ months description looking for a sr. business data analyst who has strong experience working on requirement gathering and sql.
must have experience on data analysis and business operations experience.
experience with excel would be a plus.
they conduct research, investigate workflows, business procedures, and recommend changes.
support the management team by providing required data needed for the annual pandl budgeting and monthly revenue forecasts.
proficiency with ms office suite, especially ms excel and ms access.
excellent written, oral communication skills as wells as presentation and team facilitation skills.
must have good problem solving skills and be able to quickly identify, define and resolve problems.
data management analyst ii.
develops data collection instruments; collects, analyzes, and interprets data in preparation for statistical and analytical reports.
utilizes statistical software to analyze and interpret research data.
independently develops analysis plans and conducts analysis of survey research data.
\xa0the data analyst plays an important role in collecting, organizing, and rigorously testing data.
the ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of databases and data analysis procedures.
\xa0to increase the effectiveness of our staff and the quality of our work product by developing and maintaining accurate databases, writing robust scripts to automate the creation and updating of data, performing rigorous logic-oriented testing, and creating high quality documentation.
source data collection and management.
ensure databases and archives are protected from security breaches and data losses.
developing and\xa0implementing\xa0data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
2+ years of experience with ms sql, relational databases, and query, script writing.
bachelor of science required, preferably in data analytics, mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
echnical expertise\xa0with data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, microsoft power bi, ibm spss, etc, preferred.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings using reporting packages, devexpress, sql server reporting services, etc, preferred.
excellent communication and collaboration skills.
advanced proficiency in ms office, excel, access, word etc.
menlo park ca. python for data manipulation and transformation, python dictionaries, data frames, data stream,
joins of all kinds, outside of sql ides.
python modelling.
hands on experience in client, dl, ai.
research skills go figure it out and come back with working model.
must know sql very well.
strong work ethic, independent problem solving skills, self-motivated, comfortable with startup culture.
the logistics data analyst will have with experience analyzing, forecasting, and mapping objects; and have the ability to interpret, synthesize and analyze multimodal data using statistical techniques.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, computer science, information management, or statistics, preferred.
need to be familiar with a diverse set of databases -sql and nosql.
experience with microsoft products such as ms project and excel.
experience with statistical applications such as spss and sas.
security clearance required: must be able to obtain a security clearance at the secret level.
assist with project issues log to initiate, track and record the resolution of project issues.
follow and update structured data collection procedures.
develop and execute sql, oracle, sas, documentum queries based on business application edd requirements.
ability to write sql, dql queries and coordinate creation of queries with other technical resources.
assist in testing and qa of collection and processing tools for system implementation and upgrades.
1-2 years of experience extracting data from ms sql server.
strong analytic and problem solving abilities.
good interpersonal skills, i. e, strong verbal, and written communication, works well in a team environment.
you would work alongside our newest client and be responsible for management information reporting and co-ordinating business intelligence for designated contracts, focusing on report creation, data manipulation and data integrity, data extraction, data analysis and determining information requirements and appropriate delivery methods to meet the customers’ needs.
develop a range of reports in various formats including excel, powerbi and powerpoint etc.
data management, analysis.
proven industry experience within a data analyst role with experience in mi report creation, co-ordinating business intelligence, and data integrity and data analysis.
extensive experience working with ms packages with highly proficient knowledge of excel formulas and functions.
strong communication skills, both verbal and written.
this will include developing sql queries across all business systems and delivering the data in a presentable manner such as excel or other tools as required.
build sql queries based on requests from management and other departments.
perform data analysis on large data sets pulled from a variety of systems and tables and determines the best methods for consuming the data.
suggest and implement new tools for use in data collection, reporting, alteryx, rapid miner, knime, obiee, tableau, essbase, smart view, hyperion, anaplan, cognos or any other tools.
demonstrable advanced understanding of sql.
advanced understanding of microsoft excel formulas.
qualifications, minimum of a bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, data management or related field required; masters degree preferred.
proficiency in data analysis, program metrics, and reporting.
wellversed in the microsoft suite, excel, word, access.
knowledge of sql preferred.
strong analytical and problem solving skillsan ability to focus on details as well as having an overall perspective of the use and relationship of the methodologies and data, hours.
models complex business problems and operational issues, discovers actionable insights and identifies opportunities through the use of statistical, algorithmic, data mining and data visualization techniques.
identifies and analyzes patterns in the volume of data supporting the initiative, the type of data, images, text, clickstream or metering data, and variations in data collection.
conducts advanced data analysis and highly complex design algorithms.
applies advanced statistical and predictive modeling techniques to build, maintain, and improve on multiple decision systems.
identifies what data is available and relevant, including internal and external data sources, leveraging new data collection processes or data streams, such as smart meters and geo-location information or social media.
works with other it analysts, developers, application administrators and business users to support data collection, integration, and retention requirements based on the input collected with the business.
provides business units with support for enterprise business intelligence, reporting, data visualization, dashboard, advanced analytics and application tools, sap bwhana, sql server, hadoop, business objects, tableau, power bi, r, python and other related technologytools, develops standard, ad-hoc and custom reports, data visualizations, dashboards and data extracts.
also ensures that all reporting and analytical responsibilities are completed competently in a timely manner, continually seeks out opportunities to learn new and hone existing technical skills, writing sql, code, statistics, machine learning, etc, and operates under minimal supervision and mentorship of more experienced managers and data scientists.
b. s. in computer science, math, engineering, finance, or related quantitative field.
work experience with ms excel, ms access, sql server, teradata, oracle, or comparable database systems.
2-4 years work experience in data mining, statistical analysis, auditing, and, or forecasting.
strong understanding of sql or working directly with ms access joining relational tables together and, or some knowledge of one other scripting, compiled, statistical programming language, vba, python, r, sas.
net, c, java, etc.
experience building reports, analyses with analytical tools, excel, jmp, sas, mathematica, spss, tableau, etc.
the data visualization analyst is responsible for supporting the implementation and analysis of various cdphp financial metrics inclusive of return on investment, roi, for all strategic projects, financial and non-financial metric reporting and third party benchmarking studies.
the analyst will be primarily responsible for designing, building, maintaining, interpreting, and communicating insights from decision support tools: tableau-based dashboards and interactive analytic suites to monitor the comparative effectiveness of multiple strategic project initiatives.
the analyst is also responsible for preparing the data needed for those tableau workbooks, including any statistically derived metrics or benchmarks; and uses multiple analytic tools and data sources to support those objectives, including but not limited to tableau, sas, and excel.
tableau desktop certified professional preferred.
minimum three, 3, years of experience in qualitative data analysis, data research, financial analysis, big data, or other form of business intelligence required.
advance experience in one or more of the following systems required: sas, tableau, excel, cognos, sql, or other statistical, analytical based software.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
must be detail-oriented with strong organizational and project management skills, as an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, cdphp will not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicants race, color, creed, religion, sex, including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, transgender status, age, national origin, marital status, citizenship, physical and mental disability, criminal record, genetic information, predisposition or carrier status, status with respect to receiving public assistance, domestic violence victim status, a disabled, special, recently separated, active duty wartime, campaign badge, armed forces service medal veteran, or any other characteristics protected under applicable law, seniority level.
must have excel background.
demonstrated knowledge of ms office and proficient with ms excel and, or other similar databases.
effective written and oral communication skills.
we need a hardcore math nerd—someone who understands mathematical analysis and knows how to use technology to implement it.
solid mathematical or statistics background.
experience with sql, you’ll use it every day to get the data you need.
experience with scripting languages like python and r. experience building and maintaining dashboards and reporting systems.
experience with data visualization tools like tableau.
experience with optimization testing.
the nisc iii contract provides technical and scheduling support for projects, to include: electrical power systems, communication systems, radars, towers, buildings and other largefacilities.
provide data analysis support for program, project management activities related to the implementation of assigned projects.
use software like primavera or microsoft project, microsoft excel and tableau, to assist clients and end users in the utilization of existing systems, programs, reports and procedures.
ability to design, develop and adapt statistical models and other research methods in support of retrieving, interpreting and summarizing information to explore relationships between multiple variables.
ability to provide overall project results, technical reports and, or recommendations to management and pims as a basis for making decisions.
experience in project management support specifically project management of the built environment including design and construction of facilities and infrastructure.
experience in reviewing scheduled projects using an industry accepted scheduling tool, primavera, microsoft project, or similar.
ability to prepare and conduct effective technical presentations, provide thorough project monitoring and reporting, and tactfully coordinate with a variety of project stake holders, peers and management levels.
proficiency in ms office suites, excel, powerpoint, primavera, tableau, database management applications, and know how to use the internet as a data gathering and communicating tool.
working knowledge and proficiency utilizing microsoft office applications to include: ms word, ms excel, ms outlook and ms power point.
data scientist, leidos is a fortune 500® information technology, engineering, and science solutions and services leader working to solve the worlds toughest challenges in the defense, intelligence, homeland security, civil, and health markets.
within amgen’s research and development organization, the computational and data sciences, cds, team.
as part of a multi-disciplinary research team, the data analyst will utilize data analytic techniques to help advance drug discovery programs through.
managing and analyzing research and operational data.
developing data analysis and visualization tools.
partnering with scientists on project teams to compile specialized reports and data visualizations using standard business reporting and scientific data analysis applications.
collaborating with project teams and functions to establish and automate business performance capabilities such as lead, cycle and queue time, labor intensiveness, work product quality, right the first time, and process variability.
collaborating with project teams and functions to access workflow capacity and constraints using scientific applications, data and process simulation applications such as simul8.
bachelor’s degree and 2 years related data analysis experience.
proficiency in data analysis, utilizing tools such as spotfire, tableau, minitab, excel, and powerpoint.
experience in programming and informatic tool development, such as with python, pipeline pilot.
strong communication, project management and problem-solving skills.
experience with programming languages, sql, and data visualization tools, tableau.
utilizing data from primary and secondary sources to develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
performing detailed data analysis using complex analytical thinking skills to determine enhancement and correction of queries and reports, and appropriate development of new queries and reports.
a data science analyst works with the entire lifecycle of analytics initiatives, research, design, implementation and validation, of machine learning and predictive algorithms to analyze program performance and improve operational processes.
this role will also participate in other continual process improvement activities, help with project management, and execute ad-hoc requests, as needed.
provide strategic expertise in machine learning and data mining techniques to identify and apply appropriate techniques, including optimization, simulation, regression, decision trees, neural networks, cluster analyses, mixed models, etc.
focus on process design and ongoing operational decision support, particularly around staffing optimization, when integrating and using simulation tools.
expand datasets, enhance data quality, create automated anomaly detection systems, and see issues to resolution.
3+ years of experience in data analysis with heavy emphasis on data-driven decision making and applied statistics.
excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-nn, naïve bayes, svm, decision forecasts, etc.
1+ years’ experience working with common data science toolkits such as r, weka, python, numpy, matlab, etc.
completed education in statistics, mathematics, operations research, computer science, machine learning, or a related field – master’s or phd preferred.
experience in one or more of the following areas: speech, text analytics, data visualization tools, large datasets, distributed computing tools, query languages, or relational databases.
self-motivated individual with a strong passion for creating empirical research and answering complex questions with data.
we all use many different talents – from statistics to ui, ux, from understanding people to understanding algorithms, from project management to operational handoff – and work closely together to create great outcomes for the business.
apply advanced methods to analyze operational data and derive meaningful, actionable insights for stakeholders and business development partners.
using data warehouse, business intelligence, and analytical products to fulfill ad-hoc data requests.
provide insights and analyses around operations and project data.
participate in the data science product development review process, in particular implementing code review, testing, and data profiling of newly developed products.
develop and implement metrics, functions, and scripts as kpis and in existing bi, dashboards as needed.
bs in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, operations research, economics, computer science, machine learning, or similar.
3-5 years of experience performing quantitative data analysis.
exposure to machine learning techniques and algorithms.
experience with common data science toolkits, such as r, weka, python, numpy, matlab, etc.
statistical experience and understanding of distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. proficiency in using query languages such as sql and use of relational databases and sql.
experience quantifying and prioritizing projects that require heavy data analysis.
a strong passion for empirical research and for answering complex questions with data.
create and update pi tags using microsoft excel.
working with sql and oracle databases.
proficient with microsoft excel.
strong verbal and written communication for documentation.
some experience in querying using sql.
\xa0in this role you will assist in the analytics process for our top clients and help take data management to the next level.
forecast audience and campaign performance benchmarks to provide optimization diagnostics.
create effective data visualization to illustrate critical insights and analysis.
collaborate with research, ad-operation, programmatic, verification and investment teams to effect improvements on our client’s business goals, what youll have.
bachelor’s degree required; degree in a quantitative discipline, math or social sciences, marketing or a related field preferred.
you enjoy working with databases and analyzing complex data to formulate recommendations, learning and have the ability to clearly and efficiently present information visually to internal and client teams, youre organized and comfortable juggling multiple projects at once\xa0, you have knowledge of a sql based database management language; must enjoy working with databases and manipulating numbers to develop new insights.
you have strong interpersonal, written, and verbal communication skills.
you are experienced with excel, pivot tables, vlookups, formulas, youve had exposure, maybe even are quite good, with platforms like\xa0tableau, alteryx or datorama, \xa0dcm, or statistical software and, or coding languages such as\xa0sas, spss, r, and python, seniority level.
what were looking for, desired education, bachelors degree in marketing, advertising, business, business information system, management of information systems, or statistics, gpa above a 3. 4, general knowledge.
strong data analysis skills.
basic html or data manipulation software experience, a plus.
passion for research and deep-diving into business analytics.
excellent time, project management skills.
approaches problem solving proactively and in a professional manner.
creative problem solving abilities.
perform industry analysis and forecasting of trends.
interpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviors.
correct technical issues on the backend of website.
perform a, b, website usability, and website conversion rate testing.
10% working in the backend of websites, fixing technical issues.
15% performing industry, demographic and market research, and trend forecasting.
knowledge of machine learning.
analyzes trends and patterns in structured and unstructured data and synthesizes and communicates meaningful insights to the project team and business stakeholders using advanced techniques including data mining, predictive analytics and visualization.
develops and implement data management practices.
may be responsible for project teams.
responsible for effectively synthesizing own project work and the work of team members.
work may span more than one project or focus area.
participates in the development of scope, risk, control matrix, project timelines, and assignments.
directs the application of appropriate quantitative techniques to facilitate repeatable research.
optimizes the use of analysis methods such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods to support business decisions.
leverage technology for data management, report automation and, or ad hoc reporting for end users.
develop and implement data management practices for structured and unstructured data sources.
may provide coaching and feedback to project team associates.
undergraduate studies in statistics, mathematics, analytics or related field with post graduate studies preferred.
detailed experience with analytical problem solving; working with large structured and unstructured data sets and databases to identify trends and predict opportunities.
advanced understanding of and working knowledge to conduct data management and extraction of large analytical platforms.
knowledge of statistical software and databases such as acl, r, sas, spss, matlab, teradata, oracle, db2, sql server, netezza, etc.
and sql assistant, winsql, and toad, etc.
knowledge of general purpose programming languages, python, java, c, etc, including domain specific languages, static and dynamic languages, application design and development, test driven development, and agile practices.
possesses an understanding of various operating system platforms, i. e, windows 200x, unix, os, 400, etc, ; relational database security concepts and platforms, i. e, oracle, microsoft sql server and db2, ; enterprise network and systems architecture concepts and technologies; sdlc and generally accepted it project management methodologies and approaches; and information security, protection concept.
possesses core statistics skills including an understanding of probability and its application to the analysis of data.
ability to conduct data manipulation and analyses using analysis methods such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods.
critical thinking and problem solving.
communication.
excellent verbal and written communication skills to translate analytic findings into actionable communications.
extended and non-standard work hours based on project and customer deliverable.
business development.
we are changing the way millions of people compare and buy insurance with artificial intelligence, technology, and superior product design.
collaborate with leadership, product, analytics, engineering, and business development teams to help solve problems and scale business.
must love sql: many of your responsibilities will involve using sql to retrieve data, highlight data changes and identify data inconsistencies.
strong quantitative and programming skills with a product-driven sensibility; knowledge of statistics, hypothesis testing.
expertise in and real-world experience with sql.
experience in data analysis in consumer, retail, e-commerce, saas.
knowledge of python, preferred, or r. benefits.
convert business needs into technical delivery for data architects, data engineers, and data visualization developers.
very strong sql skills - petabytes of data - need to be able to pull data and understand what data to pull.
data warehousing skills - understand concepts within data warehouse - how to convert raw data into structured data.
• facilitate the end-to-end process through delivery on data operations, architecture, integration, engineering, contingencies.
• review the existing data and reporting project pipelines alongside the existing ecosystem to proactively make recommendations on how to better build, integrate, deploy, and democratize residential sales data across the enterprise.
build and update sales forecasting models, territory risk models, and sales performance models.
bachelor’s degree required, operations research, mathematics, data science, or computer science preferred.
driven towards simple, scalable solutions to difficult problems, have excellent project-management skills, and be able to communicate complex analytical results, both written and verbally, in a clear and easy-to-understand way.
exceptional skills in microsoft excel and experience with other data visualization tools, power bi, tableau.
proficient in sql and other programming languages including java, r, or python.
prior work experience in sales operations, operations research, decision analysis, data science, or applied science, any employment agency, person or entity that submits a résumé into this career site or to a hiring manager does so with the understanding that the applicants résumé will become the property of herff jones.
we are looking for someone with a strong analytics background who enjoys working with large data sets as well as experience with software development.
joint problem solving with non technical staff around problems in monetization.
strong statistics background.
sql experience.
experience with one of java, c, python.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
data analyst is a techno-functional position that requires data mapping discipline as related to technical solution design and excellent communication skills.
this position is responsible for gathering data requirements, data mapping, data analysis, and data quality.
naxml standard and enterprise xml utilities proficient in ms office and ability to understand, document and communicate business needs working familiarity with sql and httpsrest facilitating business and technical teams when necessary towards solution.
ensure best practice and data governance are followed.
\xa0the mda will support senior team members in executing key project deliverables as well as recurring analytical and reporting responsibilities.
analysis, predictive analytics, modeling and heavy sql, excel work are required for this position.
strong communication, written and verbal, analytical, organizational,
problem solving and computer skills.
file import and data manipulation via sql.
soapbox is acquiring blogs from an array of smart, insightful, expert storytellers on finance-related topics from budgeting to travel hacks to the fire movement and beyond.
uncovering the top optimization opportunities across our network of sites.
a, b testing strategy including design, execution, and analysis.
identifying, collecting, and transforming data from disparate sources using sql, r, python, or other statistical tools, developing a sound understanding of the role of each product within theskimms ecosystem of products, what were looking for.
understanding of a, b testing methodologies.
experience with large datasets, statistical analyses, data visualization.
strong communication skills.
strong sql skills.
proficiency with business intelligence tools, e. g, looker, tableau.
experience with python or another scripting language.
understanding of user segmentation, cohort analyses, regression models, funnel optimization.
successfully complete data analysis, cleansing, standardizing projects.
ensure master data integrity in key systems as well as maintaining the processes to the data quality.
identify areas for data quality improvements and help to resolve data quality problems through the appropriate choice of error detection and correction, process control and improvement, or process design strategies.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
software skills sql and tableau are a plus, reply back to be considered for this full-time role.
abilities range from design of clinical trials to biostatistics and from big data to business intelligence and business analytics.
we have a great pool of statisticians, sas programmers, r programmers, data scientists, data analysts, python programmers, health care analysts, and big data architects.
design, develop and modify tableau dashboard and visualization.
write complex and efficient sql query to generate reports that answer business question.
execute migration of sql and sas data cleaning, aggregation and reporting processes to python.
generate complex data visualization dashboard.
requirements, at least a bachelors degree in statistics, mathematics or analytics or a related field, send resume to kvra tech inc: 15 corporate place south, suite 369, piscataway, nj 08854.
qualifications, at least a bachelors degree in statistics, mathematics or analytics or a related field, additional information.
data entry, document control functions, reporting of project specific data and reviewing documents for accuracy, completion.
populating and updating project management documents, bills of materials.
project management.
i supports msc’s growing reporting, data analysis, and data visualization efforts, expanding our existing reporting, business intelligence, bi, and data mining capabilities.
the data analyst i will support projects and partnerships across the organization to identify and address existing and new reporting, data analysis.
use microsoft excel to extract, prepare, and send key data to business stakeholders.
support the organization’s efforts to expand capabilities and utilization of data analysis and bi tools.
assist with development and implementation of automated communication methods, such as ivr.
continue to learn and expand experience using r or python to analyze and visualize data.
undergraduate degree in data science, information systems, quantitative field, mathematics, statistics, engineering, or equivalent certification or experience.
experience using microsoft excel to perform reporting and advanced analysis.
ability to work with data in a variety of formats, json, xml, sql, html, text, etc.
proficient at sql and able to automate, extract, and analyze data from relational databases.
prior experience using business intelligence tools, tableau, power bi.
track-record of problem solving and ability to work both independently and with a team.
excellent communication, writing, and presentation skills.
are you a data analytics professional interested in an internet of things, iot, approach to data analytics using big data methods with data-driven simulation.
security clearance requirement.
supporting mission-critical government programs using big data analytic algorithms to analyze, compare, and identify large data from multiple sources.
this resource will provide data analysis for infrastructure hardware and user data, including on and off premises, desktops, refresh equipment, and other related data services as required.
develop and implement data analyses, leverage data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
solve problems and be the lead for reporting, analytical and current data support for the backend infrastructure for the usps next environment and work as assigned.
reporting, interpreting data, analyze results using analytics, research methodologies, and statistical techniques.
conduct full lifecycle of analytics projects, including pulling, manipulating, and exporting data from project requirements documentation to design and execution.
knowledge and demonstrated ability to test and debug html, css, javascript, scripting, sql and oracle.
design and development knowledge utilizing industry standard database and web development tools including sql, oracle, websphere and cold fusion.
excellent communication skills, both written and oral, with the ability to formulate and document proposed lan system and operating system solutions with comprehensive, quantitative, and qualitative terms appropriate for comparative analysis.
ability to design, install, implement, support, and troubleshoot microsoft’s backoffice, windows server, exchange server, internet information server, iis, microsoft sql server, content replication, internet news, netmeeting, sccm server, terminal server, site server, remote access server, dhcp, wins, and dns.
demonstrated experience with hardware and software testing, integration, installation, configuration, and problem solving; especially for windows 7, 10 clients and windows server, and microsoft office.
proficiency with statistics and dataset analytics, using sql, spss, sas, excel.
exceptional verbal, written, and visual communication skills.
methods+mastery dallas is seeking a data analyst who is passionate about data-driven intelligence with an interest in data engineering.
we are looking for an entrepreneurial analyst who has professional experience conducting quantitative analyses using python and pulling data from disparate sources via apis to create rich datasets.
this work will include assisting our data scientist in building out data pipelines, and analyzing data using python to deliver reports, actionable insights, and strategic recommendations for our clients.
you’ll have the opportunity to contribute against the full spectrum of communication mediums and disciplines including interactive, mobile, social, advertising, branding, experiential, video, motion, presentations, environmental and print.
support the development of data science products by helping to build data pipelines using cloud computing and apis.
conduct quantitative analyses in python using packages such as pandas, scikit-learn, and nltk.
develop insights and strategies from data pulled through social analytics tools, digital analytics tools, primary and secondary market research and business analysis and competitive data; translate those insights into creative marketing strategies; transform consumer insights into reports and strategic plans.
package and communicate research findings, insights and strategic recommendations – written and verbal – in a clear, concise, and compelling way.
in addition, our new team member will have, bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related quantitative discipline,
1+ years professional experience conducting quantitative analyses using python.
1+ years experience with relational databases and data manipulation using sql.
skilled user of tools such as excel, tableau.
exposure to gcp or similar cloud computing platform, aws, azure, etc.
collaborative attitude, strong work ethic and ability to thrive and excel in a challenging fast-paced environment.
data governance analyst.
montgomery, al. description, this position will be part of a integral team to lead the agency in the establishment of an enterprise data governance infrastructure.
the person who fills this position must be a positive, personable, well organized, team player with excellent communication skills.
a extremely strong background in data governance framework process implementation is an absolute and necessary for success in this arena.
this position will be working in the agencys data governance office under the direct supervision of the chief data officer.
monitors, identifies, investigates, prioritizes, and communicates data quality issues.
performs data profiling, analyzes and communicates results in support of data quality processes.
work with business areas and project team members to understand new business data capabilities and perform impact analysis to determine additional data requirements, provide data expertise and data as needed.
supports the development of strategic solutions for architecture for managing of data including transformation logic, rules, tables as well as business requirements and specifications.
very well-organized, detail oriented individual to manage data governance and data management implementations, master plans and data stewardship activities.
must possess a strong knowledge of data flow requirements, data modeling, data tools, and statistical modeling tools.
demonstrated excellent interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills.
intermediate business acumen and problem solving skills.
minimum four to seven years of experience in data governance and data management required in accordance with following areas:
data governance experience
• develop best practices, standards, policies, and methodologies to assist in the implementation and execution of the data governance program.
• developed and delivered auditing and reporting processes for data governance policy compliance.
• created and implemented data governance framework that established data management policies that align with the organization’s data strategy and industry best-practices.
• lead the data governance committee and work with committee members to implement data management and data quality standards across the organization.
• develop and deliver reports and dashboards that describe the state and progress of the data governance program.
• managed the creation and delivery of progress monitoring reports for the data governance program and its associated practices.
• applied edm and dg principles to create an efficient and effective data management environment that serves multiple business units in their pursuit of a data-driven organization.
• defined roles and responsibilities related to data governance to ensure clear accountability for stewardship of the company’s data assets.
data quality experience • developed and executed data quality strategies to increase the value of the organization’s data assets in support of the overall data strategy and goals.
• established data quality process and implemented issue tracking tools.
• works with data stewards and data owners to capture business-level data quality rules and translate them into technical data quality solutions.
• develop data quality metrics that identify gaps and ensure compliance with standards across the organization.
• established processes to continuously monitor data quality, using automated testing solutions.
• experience in developing customized workflows and user interfaces within the collibra data governance center application.
• developed and maintained data quality rules and workflows within the trillium dq application.
• integration of bi tools, powerbi and tableau, with trillium dq.
create, validate, and maintain sql queries to pull data from epic’s clarity database and other swedish, providence data sources, edw, in order to understand and improve practice patterns and patient outcomes.
document project details using jira and maintain report specifications that clearly describe how the report works.
use tableau to create reports that effectively and efficiently communicate the key message.
required qualifications for this position include, bachelors degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information technology, health informatics, public health, or related subject.
3 years of recent sql programming.
skills should include some combination of: sql server 2012, data warehouse design, oracle sql.
skills with analytical software, excel, sql, sas, r, as well as demonstrated knowledge of business service systems and the ability to operate complex business applications and systems.
preferred qualifications for this position include, masters degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, information technology, health informatics, public health, or related subject.
experience with tableau data visualization software.
experience and familiarity with statistical analysis methodologies, modeling, and hypothesis testing.
whether through physician clinics, education, research and innovation or other outreach, we are committed to caring for the people in our region and beyond.
data analysis administrator. exam number.
this is supervisory statistical, analytical and administrative work with responsibility for directing the collection, classification, analysis, maintenance, and dissemination of statistics related to the provision of services in the area of assignment.
positions in the class serve as the technical expert in statistics for the department and are responsible for the implementation and use of information systems or applications for reporting and monitoring of statistics.
education : completion of a master’s degree at an accredited college or university with major course work in public health, public administration, biological sciences, social sciences, physical sciences, mathematics, or statistics, including or supplemented by coursework in statistics, data analysis, system analysis, and computer programming.
general experience : two years of experience performing statistical analysis or performing research of operations or programs which included conducting studies, collecting and analyzing data to identify trends or evaluate programs, and the use of statistical software.
performing advanced level research and information management work designing analytical studies or formulating data collection policies and procedures, and recommending the implementation of new or revised systems resulting from review of the data from these studies.
research and information analyst 2, 2f22.
candidates must submit a copy of their official college transcript indicating the completion of a master’s degree at an accredited college or university with major course work in public health, public administration, biological sciences, social sciences, physical sciences, mathematics, or statistics, including or supplemented by coursework in statistics, data analysis, system analysis, and computer programming.
the accommodation process is interactive and requires cooperation and communication between the applicant requesting a test accommodation and the eeo unit.
do not provide your complete and accurate social security number.
html.
virtual testing may be utilized for this examination.
in accordance with civil service regulation 9. 11, only candidates who have failed the oral examination may appeal to the civil service commission upon the grounds of irregularity, bias, or fraud in the conduct of the oral test.
• strong skills in ms excel, pivot tables, charts, etc.
• tableau experience preferred but not required, or an ability to learn.
jr. data analyst sql python aws.
, this is mike from optimized solutions inc, a chicago based it services company and this is in regards to an opportunity with one of my clients for the position of data analyst with sql python aws.
position: data analyst with sql python aws.
glider test on sql python aws and skype hire.
glider test: data analyst, covers sql, python and aws.
team is stretched thin, so need a couple of contractors to help, looking for someone good with data analytics like: mysql workbench, sql developer, python, excel vb macros, etc for process automation.
using a lot of excel now, but want to move away from that, need to be technical and have great comm skills as theyll be working with business as they will be gathering requirements from users and relate to business users, not a coding job, a lot of data querying.
databases they use are: aws redshift, sql and postgres, but really want someone with 2 of the 3.
dashboards they use are tableau and jira-these are nice to have.
a visceral need to dive into data inconsistencies to pinpoint issues, product- and market-awareness to jump in and quickly understand launchdarklys position and goals, expertise in sql and proficiency in another data programming language, python, r, etc.
designs and builds new data set processes for modeling, data mining, and production purposes.
develops prototypes, proof of concepts, algorithms, predictive models, and custom analysis.
connects to data in rdbms and hadoop environments using sql, hql and complex functions.
develops and tunes machine learning models in r, python, and spark.
designs queries with sql, hql to extract data from data stores and bring into analytics products, such as aqua data studio, alteryx designer, tableau, r, and spark for additional analysis.
3 years’ practical experience with sas, etl, data processing, database programming and data analytics.
advanced understanding of sql, hql; familiarity with one or more: apache hive,
ibm big sql, ibm db2, oracle sql, microsoft sql server, teradata sql, power bi, tableau desktop.
knowledge and experience in statistical and machine learning techniques not limited to glm, regression, gradient boosting, random forest, decision trees, boosting and ensembling.
knowledge of r, spark, scala, or equivalent statistical modeling language.
driven to learn and apply new techniques; knowledge and experience with data visualization, statistical analysis, predictive analytics, mathematics, and elementary statistics.
excellent communication skills – oral, written, and email.
working with oracle database, sql and proprietary software.
requires a minimum of 3 - 5 years implementation and, or conversion experience with a demonstrated ability to handle medium project complexity.
must have knowledge of basic sql queries, writing, joining tables, updating, etc.
requirements, the data analyst, the candidate for this position will provide systems analysis support as part of an integrated agile team that will be responsible using data analytics techniques to develop, maintain and enhance models, tools, and software for:predictive modeling, entity resolution, visualization.
must have experience with java, python, apache hadoop and exposure to data profiling, data mining, cluster analysis, or statistical pattern analysis.
this is a position is for a data quality business analyst experienced in child support enforcement systems.
the successful candidate will demonstrate a proven ability to collaborate and coordinate activities with diverse groups, including stakeholders, team leads, vendors, project managers, and technical staff.
daily duties and responsibilities as the data quality business analyst, this individual will review and update existing child support related data.
facilitate communication between the data quality project team and client representatives.
business analysis experience to include data flow diagrams, requirements specifications, use case scenarios, and acceptance testing.
relational database experience including writing queries using sql server.
experience working with microsoft office 2010 to include excel, word, visio and powerpoint.
very good communication skills, written and oral.
this is a position is for a data quality business analyst experienced in child support enforcement systems.
the successful candidate will demonstrate a proven ability to collaborate and coordinate activities with diverse groups, including stakeholders, team leads, vendors, project managers, and technical staff.
daily duties and responsibilities as the data quality business analyst, this individual will review and update existing child support related data.
facilitate communication between the data quality project team and client representatives.
business analysis experience to include data flow diagrams, requirements specifications, use case scenarios, and acceptance testing.
relational database experience including writing queries using sql server.
experience working with microsoft office 2010 to include excel, word, visio and powerpoint.
very good communication skills, written and oral.
build database queries and deliver reports and dashboards using tools such as tableau, salesforce, ms excel.
collaborate with the marketing and business development teams, as needed, to measure program effectiveness and track kpis.
expertise in interpretation, forecasting, predictive modeling, and executive presentation.
bachelor’s degree in database management, data analytics, or similar field.
advanced proficiency with reporting tools such as sql, ssrs, and excel.
minimum of 2 years tableau design experience, required.
strong communication, written and verbal, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
experience in presenting data analysis to clients and internal stakeholders.
the cooperative institute for great lakes research, ciglr, is seeking an individual to work with the ecological and physical modeling teams at the noaa great lakes environmental research lab, glerl, to develop experimental ecological forecasts linked to hydrodynamic models of the great lakes operational forecast system.
under the direction of the project principal investigators, the modeling data analyst will evaluate model performance through statistical comparison of modeled and observed water quality, biological, and physical variables.
the appointment will be with the cooperative institute of great lakes research, ciglr, which is part of the university of michigan’s school for environment and sustainability, seas, located in ann arbor, michigan.
ciglr is a collaboration between the university of michigan and noaa that brings together experts from academia and government research labs to work on pressing challenges.
this person will spend the majority of their time at noaa’s great lakes environmental research lab, glerl, in ann arbor where they will work on projects led by dr. mark rowe and dr. eric anderson.
the university of michigan is a top-ranked public university highly focused on research and scholarship.
conduct data analysis using a scripting, computer programming, for all development models.
1 or more years of experience in ecological data, research and professional activities, large gridded data sets from model output or remote sensing.
strong communication skills.
experience handling ecological and geophysical data in multiple formats such as ascii, netcdf and familiarity with a linux, unix computing environment.
experience with scripting data analysis software such as r, idl, python, or matlab.
you’re a power user of python, r, sql, with a background in digital media analytics and want to join one of the most exciting entertainment companies in the world, apply to this posting.
you’ll get to problem-solve and come up with solutions on projects for measurement and data analysis.
you will have the opportunity to leverage advanced statistical languages including sql, r and python, and draw clear insights on media optimization and roi.
\xa0 use languages like python, r and sql to make sense of unstructured data sets and build marketing mix models, mmm. ·
\xa0 working exposure to sql, r or python is required, python is preferred.
google analytics, adobe analytics, sql, python, excel, ms excel, insight, insights, shopper, customer, analytics, technology, campaign, tableau, crm, database, acquisition, retention, marketing, digital, sem, seo, paid search, display, dashboard, omniture, site catalyst, web analytics, coremetrics, webtrends, website, google tag manager, tag manager, dynamic tag manager, html, css, java script, flash, jquery.
project:
participates in collaborative efforts with domain leads, finance, and service lines to drive improved communication and shared direction.
knowledge of it services and financial management process and best practices such as budgeting, cost allocations, capital and operating expense handling.
strong analytical, problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise mature judgment.
demonstrated verbal, written communication skills to be able to articulate ideas clearly and concisely.
strong data transformation skills using ms excel, bachelors degree in information systems, business management, finance, or related field, mba or related graduate level course work a plus.
the data analyst role, in testing and qv organization, will assemble data from multiple sources, conducting analyses, performing research, working with different internal customers, designing and documenting analytical solutions, and compiling and presenting results, in graphical and written summaries, to a variety of audiences.
project management and quality assurance of active projects.
data analysis - very good knowledge of r language, ms excel mastery, including vba, pivottables, and array functions - or other similar tools used for discovering data patterns and correlations through statistical methods.
math including statistics, simulation, and optimization - understanding of correlation, regression, classification and other statistical methods used to look at the data from different angles for use in prescriptive and predictive models.
expert data visualization techniques for charts and reports - good knowledge of tableau, and power bi. database and sql knowledge, nice to have programming skills html, javascript, css, d3.
unstructured data handling - know best practices on how to stage unstructured data and model it to solve the problem at hand.
university degree in a technical field, computer science, statistics, engineering, mathematics, operations research.
project management and process improvement experience.
the data analyst serves internal customers by preparing multi-dimensional analyses and visualization with particularly large sets of data, to support business intelligence.
you will leverage analytical skill sets to research and make recommendations on clinical and non-clinical analytical needs, and support operational reporting across the organization.
you will provide analytical support for large project work as needed.
bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics or other technical concentration.
masters degree in computer science, engineering, statistics, mathematics or other technical concentration.
basic understanding of enterprise data warehouse functionality and capabilities.
some knowledge of data visualization and storytelling practices.
strong skills in writing sql queries.
familiarity with statistical analysis tools, such as sas, r and python.
strong communication and presentation skills with ability to assist with training sessions.
participate in and support staff training related to data collection and reporting.
assists in identification, capture, and integration of source data into the enterprise data warehouse and quality assurance of data to ensure accurate, reliable data.
assists with data quality issues and works with colleagues to correct identified issues.
leads the education and adoption of data analysis efforts for colleagues and advanced users.
participates in data governance and data literacy efforts across the organization.
under minimal supervision, the senior data analyst, da, works closely with the data warehouse development team to ensure user requirements and issues are being addressed while controlling scope using an advanced understanding of extract, transform and load, etl, processing methods, data warehouse data models, security, and capabilities of the front-end delivery products.
identify source systems and the data required in the data warehouse environment to meet the users’ current and potentially future needs.
lead the preparation of data warehouse requirements documentation, and perform data mapping tasks.
collaborate with project stakeholders and technical teams regarding enhancements, changes, issues and defects that may impact development, data, workflow and, or functionality.
meet with business users and conduct interviews for requirements gathering, document the information in a format that the project team can easily understand and use for their work effort.
perform analysis of different data sources and database objects with a focus on identifying critical data elements and developing data quality metrics and quality checks.
complete and provide input for process documentation as well as other project documents such as business, functional requirements, test scripts and testing.
analyze processes to monitor and control data integrity, quality, security, and hipaa compliant controls.
conduct and partner with software developers on data analysis, profiling.
bachelor’s degree from an accredited university or college in business administration, computer science, information systems or a related academic field or seven, 7, years supporting data warehouse analysis and requirements.
five, 5, years’ experience developing and implementing data warehouse solutions, documenting solutions and architectures, serving in a project or team leadership position.
demonstrated ability to integrate data into a warehouse environment, with a strong background in data quality best practices and disciplines.
ability to foster client and peer relationships by collaborating with technical teams internal and external to the data warehouse to review business requirements and documentation and to resolve issues relating to data, coding, or business logic.
experience developing data test plans and conducting testing within the data environment i. knowledge of data modeling techniques.
thorough knowledge and skill in the use of microsoft word, powerpoint, access and excel.
extensive knowledge of sql concepts and scripting, with proficiency in querying multiple database objects.
successful working experience demonstrating strong critical thinking, analytical, and research skills q. master’s degree in computer science, information systems, or other relevant academic field.
excellent communication skill.
proficiency in excel.
skill in sql, qliksense, power bi will be a plus.
the ideal candidate will have a minimum of 3 years of experience performing data analysis with an emphasis on business operations a huge plus.
project management.
research data analyst i-integrated substance-use disorder treatment program, isudt.
cchcs seeks to fill a permanent, full-time research data specialist i position in the electronic health records system documentation and decision support, medical services division.
under general direction of the research data manager of the ehrs documentation and decision support unit, the research data specialist, rds, i supports the day-to-day clinical management of the integrated substance-use disorder treatment, isudt, program, and other related complex patient populations by independently developing, building, testing, and implementing front-end decision-support and documentation methods in ehrs using selected cerner millennium tier i, ii, and iii software packages, structured querying language, sql, and cerner command language, ccl, to ensure providers have effective, patient-centered tools to support communication, timeliness, and efficiency at the point-of-care.
the rds i will serve in a leading role for routine to intermediate complex projects and will develop and manage a project work plan as well as ensure the completion of projects under critical timelines to meet project objectives and deadlines.
research.
experience managing andor supporting an enterprise technology tool, including customer support, troubleshooting, and testing savvy with pcmac environments, and office365 suite including advanced proficiency in microsoft excel excellent written and verbal communication skills ability to prioritize duties and work independently pro-active, bright, and articulate with strong analytical skills.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
3 or more years of experience completing table joins through sql.
2 or more years of experience within the healthcare industry\xa0. 2 or more years of visualization creation\xa0.
in addition, you will work closely with payroll and jd edwards support teams in assessing payroll related issues and initiatives, responsibilities include system and data analysis, report analysis, system configuration support, leadership of testing efforts, and support of problem solving efforts.
provides analytical and testing support for maintenance, implementation and upgrade of all modules in the kronos application suite.
provides primary system and data analysis for all application and system interface issues that may arise.
serves as tier 2 support, along with system administration support, by providing needed analysis and testing support.
leads and, or participates in regression, integration and user acceptance testing to ensure kronos enhancements meet the outlined requirements, collaborates with process owners, developers, administrators and program managers on gaps, design specifications, kronos, data mart mapping, and cost analysis for new project requests, participates in planned quarterly technology outages.
strong analytical, interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills.
experience with oracle sql and pl, sql, microsoft sqlserver, and crystal reports.
experience working within a project management matrix organization.
the data analyst will support the team through collecting, cleansing, analyzing data through technical tools, i. e. acl, sql, etc.
the data analyst will tell a story through the company approved tools, such as tableau.
candidate should demonstrate strong leadership, curiosity, communication, and problem-solving skills with the ability to interact in a dynamic team environment and maintain accountability for individual performance objectives and goals.
identify and research data integrity issues.
bachelors, master’s degree in finance, accounting, information systems, technology, data analytics, engineering, or statistics.
0-3 years data analysis, data management and, or financial analysis.
they are currently working on an app based project and are in need of someone to accurately analyse their acquired data sets.
skills and qualifications, 2 to 3 years experience in a data analyst role, sql.
tableau and tensorflow.
python and snowflake.
the data-bi analyst will support the vice president of sales, wholesale and international, and vice president of consumer engagement, e-commerce, demdaco websites and marketplaces, and is responsible for performing data analysis to support business objectives and analytics and providing data-driven insight and recommendations with minimal direction.
this position requires proficiency and ownership of data from different sources, experience using bi platforms and the aptitude to quickly develop strong business acumen.
a strong proficiency with microsoft excel is required.
3+ years data analysis and mapping experience.
strong sql experience with large data sets from multiple sources.
strong ms-excel experience.
other project related support as needed.
associate’s, bachelor’s degree preferred with a minimum of 3 years, 2-4 years, of experience in a research or vendor setting.
statistics background required.
excel, powerpoint, sharepoint experience with multichannel hub required.
analyze internal and external data through quantitative research.
promote best practices in data analysis and reporting.
strong problem solving and critical thinking skills.
database management.
java.
javascript.
python.
for a six-month project.
we are seeking talent that excels in the delivery of bi and data analytics, using visualizations and new ways to interpret and use data to deliver useful insights that can help guide and inform the business.
collaborate with coo and stakeholders to design, build, and test, iterate enterprise data frameworks, solutions and user-friendly visualization dashboards focused on key customer initiatives.
collaborate with stakeholders to frame, structure and prioritize business problems where bi can have the greatest impact.
be accountable for the delivery of all projects, programs and tactics relating to bi, data analytics.
5 years’ progressive experience with tableau or power bi.
sql experience and specifically sql queries, view, and stored procedures.
tableau, power bi administration.
excellent testing and troubleshooting.
actively participate in product design meetings.
experience working in an agile environment.
project management skills and abilities that allow candidate to handle multiple tasks and projects concurrently.
effective listening, writing and oral communication skills.
technical knowledge with hands-on experience in sql database development.
armed security officer $14.
armed security officer $14.
• research and determine root cause of data errors and identifies solutions.
• research and interpret statistical requirements, including identifying and translating.
• support testing of changes, enhancements to the iso reporting system.
• serve as project lead for statistical reporting projects to expand services.
education, bachelors degree, ba, bs, from four-year college or university in statistical, data analysis or related field preferred.
• strong analytical skills to research, interpret and assess impact of regulatory needs.
• proficient in the use of microsoft office productivity tools, outlook, word, excel, to.
• demonstrate strong verbal and written communication skills, including ability to.
and custom market research programs.
utilize excel and powerpoint to manipulate data and create visually appealing graphics.
including excel and powerpoint.
experience with quantitative and qualitative research; experience specifically with market research.
bs, ba in business communication, social sciences, english, journalism, literature, or other liberal arts is preferred.
market research.
research
this position will heavily use tools like microsoft excel, including advanced features and formulas to quickly convert various inconsistent and incomplete data sources into useful data tables for use in business systems.
you are a detail-oriented individual with two or more years of experience with data mining.
you have exemplary skill with microsoft excel data manipulation and presentation.
you have excellent technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
using basic and advanced microsoft excel® features and functions.
work with departmental managers to outline the specific data needs for each business method analysis project.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
s experience in data mining experience.
experience with microsoft excel® data manipulation and presentation.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
we are looking for someone with a passion for data who can take a broad scientific question and distill insights through code, whether that be creating an interactive visualization, a predictive model, or using inferential statistics.
non-molecule work could involve scientific software development in r, internal infrastructure building, and supporting or leading cross-functional analytical projects.
as you onboard, you will receive comprehensive mentoring to develop good coding practices along with our reproducible workflow using r packages and github.
advanced degree in biostatistics, statistics, computer science, mathematics, or the biological sciences.
advanced hands-on r programming experience, preferably in support of clinical trial analysis.
3+ years of experience applying statistical inference and machine learning methodologies to scientific data.
has a good foundation in computer science and has strong knowledge in computational statistics including statistical learning.
is familiar with established interactive data visualization packages such as shiny, plotly, etc.
research.
they will be knowledgeable in descriptive and predictive statistics, including regression and bell curve.
along with cultural diversity, variety in work, and the option of paid training for staff development, nadap caters to an exceptional work experience, bachelors degree required, preferred degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or information management, minimum of 3 years of consistent work history, experience.
the manual pm process will require the inputting of final ratings taken from the final evaluation form, s, completed by the manager for each of their direct reports into an excel spreadsheet.
expert knowledge of excel – be able to input large amounts of data to employee listing.
in addition, work on continuous improvement of the budgeting process and templates.
using math.
strong communication skills; capable of presenting complex financial information in an easy-to-understand format.
advanced proficiency with excel, access and other microsoft office applications.
advanced proficiency with tableau software.
beyondsoft is seeking a data analyst iii, healthcare, excel, sql, for a direct.
model data using ms excel, access, sql, and, or other data warehouse.
requirements by performing data quality audits and analysis.
4+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience.
advanced knowledge of enterprise reporting and analysis tools, sql, and.
microsoft office applications, including excel and access.
experience managing projects or heavy involvement in project.
including data warehouse, coding or etl experience.
sql, data base experience.
ms office including excel.
any experience with teradata, sas, r, python, ssis.
any bi tools like microstrategy, tableau or microsoft bi.
any data visualization or dashboard creation.
a leader in national security space.
the analytics software department develops data analysis pipelines, tools and platforms to enable the full exploitation of historical and streaming data sets for a variety of civil and national security space customers.
works on complex computer science solutions, develop scalable and distributed software systems that require research, awareness, and interactivity, quickly learns new technical skills to tackle some of technologys greatest challenges.
eight, 8, or more years of relevant work experience in software development.
experience with one or more general-purpose programming languages including but not limited to: java, javascript, c, or python, present project updates to management to ensure that project development remains aligned with managements vision.
experience working with open-source data analytics, data pipeline frameworks in the apache ecosystem.
the ability to obtain and maintain a secret security clearance, which is issued by the us government.
experience in leading software development teams.
knowledge of data analytics tools for data pipelines, cloud storages, and interactive visualization dashboards.
the aerospace corporation has provided independent technical and scientific research, development, and advisory services to national security space programs since 1960.
we operate a federally funded research and development center, ffrdc, for the united states air force and the national reconnaissance office, and support all national security space programs.
you’ll help define key business metrics and build the right analytical datasets, facilitate their use across the organization, and champion the need for strategic data collection and analysis across all of our business processes.
develop and own our data governance strategy, including data collection and analysis policies and procedures.
oversee the deployment of data to our data warehouse, and ensure that it is optimized for analytics and operational reporting.
b. s. in software engineering, similar formal technical education, computer science, mathematics, statistics, etc, or equivalent practical experience.
5+ experience working with business intelligence tools such as tableau, looker, domo, and microstrategy, etc. proficiency in manipulating large raw datasets using tools, techniques such as sql, pivot tables, lookups, etc.
proficiency in querying amazon redshift, postgresql, mysql and, or snowflake.
experience with r or python language is a bonus.
certifications with bi tools highly preferred.
actuarial data and visualization analyst.
argo group has an exciting and challenging opportunity for an actuarial data and visualization analyst reporting to our actuarial data and visualization manager.
responsibilities will include contributing to the data efforts for the actuarial team including database strategy, creation, visualization, and coordination.
the position will work closely with the pricing, reserving and predictive modeling actuaries to create robust databases, visualizations, modeling datasets and reports.
other responsibilities will include working with argo’s digital and it organizations to coordinate dataflows from oracle, sql, aws, sas, snowflake, etc.
identify and gather relevant and quality data sources required to fully answer questions, address problems, and recommend strategy through testing or exploratory data analysis, eda.
familiarity with technical issues in statistical modeling and ability to adjust data to solve business problems.
support and execute a strategy for reporting, visualization for actuarial.
responsibility to keep up to date on new, updated tools in the big data environment.
qualifications, bachelors degree in mathematics or statistics or in a related field of study, 2+ years of experience in an insurance data, reporting or actuarial role.
strong programming skills – microsoft sql, oracle sql, r, python, etc.
experience with business intelligence reporting package such as business objects, cognos, tableau, qlikview or microsoft power bi.
strong communication skills with the ability to convey technical concepts to other functional areas.
bs degree in computer science, math, statistics, business economics, engineering, or bi with appropriate additional experience.
minimum 2-4 years of experience on a similar role developing reports, visualizations, and dashboards using tableau desktop or similar.
experience in performing quantitative analysis, statistical modelling and applied statistics, providing recommendations for stakeholders – ideally in the video game industry.
excellent sql skills with the knowledge of statistical, aggregate, and windowing functions.
strong knowledge of excel and, or statistical packages.
knowledge of python or other programming languages.
strong knowledge of logical database design, relational databases, and data warehouse principles.
strong communication and teamwork skills.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
write complex set of sql queries and python scripts in order to extract and analyze big, multi-dimensional datasets with statistical modelling and visualization tools, matplotlib, seaborn, tableau.
prior experience working in an aws environment preferred.
prior experience with predictive models, machine learning.
desire and vision to help shape a project from the ground up.
they conduct research, investigate workflows, business procedures, and recommend changes.
they conduct research, investigate workflows, business procedures, and recommend changes.
support the management team by providing required data needed for the annual pandl budgeting and monthly revenue forecasts.
proficiency with ms office suite, especially ms excel and ms access.
excellent written, oral communication skills as wells as presentation and team facilitation skills.
must have good problem solving skills and be able to quickly identify, define and resolve problems.
please review the job description below: job title: data analyst location: tampa, fl duration: 6 months job summary: responsible for working cross-functionally with various stakeholders to collect data from a variety of data sources and develop tableau dashboards and visualizations which present trends and actionable insights.
core responsibilities: utilizes tableau to design dashboards and produce reports summarizing key performance indicators for operational and executive-level reporting.
employs strong communication skills to interact with client stakeholders to understand business requirements as well as technical stakeholders to understand data sources and constraints.
other competencies: knowledge of reporting platforms and, or tools, tableau, performance analytics, powerbi, experience and, or knowledge with sql strong interpersonal skills with a focus on collaboration ability to work effectively within a team and across functions, disciplines and levels.
job specification: bachelors degree or equivalent, business, business intelligence, information systems, or related field, tableau certification is preferred generally, requires 3-5 years related experience if it creates an interest for you, please email me the latest copy of your resume.
please review the job description below: job title: data analyst location: tampa, fl duration: 6 months job summary: responsible for working cross-functionally with various stakeholders to collect data from a variety of data sources and develop tableau dashboards and visualizations which present trends and actionable insights.
core responsibilities: utilizes tableau to design dashboards and produce reports summarizing key performance indicators for operational and executive-level reporting.
employs strong communication skills to interact with client stakeholders to understand business requirements as well as technical stakeholders to understand data sources and constraints.
other competencies: knowledge of reporting platforms and, or tools, tableau, performance analytics, powerbi, experience and, or knowledge with sql strong interpersonal skills with a focus on collaboration ability to work effectively within a team and across functions, disciplines and levels.
job specification: bachelors degree or equivalent, business, business intelligence, information systems, or related field, tableau certification is preferred generally, requires 3-5 years related experience if it creates an interest for you, please email me the latest copy of your resume.
with strong research and analysis skills on a dod program.
any experience ith military health systems, governance and troop readiness is ideal for this position.
analyze project metrics for trends, patterns, program effectiveness and insights.
possess technical expertise to ensure data quality and accuracy to process and present to drive better decisions provide support across workstreams through desk research, policy analysis and data analysis.
strong research and analysis skills.
and prfer experience with analysis languages such as r and sas.
etl processing experience, preferably using sql.
experience with data visualization tools.
understanding of data collection best practices.
preferred experience with statistical analysis language, r, sas, python, etc.
strong written and verbal communication skills to communicate analytical findings.
strong research and analysis skills.
conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources, website usage, dealer behavior patterns and customer insights, to understand the performance of existing products and see opportunities for new product offerings.
communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders.
1-3 years of experience in data analysis, experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or saas product data a plus.
fluency in sql.
demonstrated ability in learning new reporting or bi tools.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
experience with sql, python, r, tableau, or alteryx preferred.
excellent problem solving and analytic ability.
strong writing and verbal communication skills.
this position will work with department management and quality team members to ensure that data analysis activities are defined, documented and completed to support inspection readiness and that compliance is maintained through procedures, training, documentation and continuous improvement projects, the schedule will be 5 - 8 hour shifts with a weekend day included, or 4 - 10s with a weekend day included, responsibilities.
performing proficiency testing in the same manner as routine samples.
a minimum of 5 years’ experience in data analytics and database management, preferably in the energy industry or finance industry.
knowledge of data base management systems such as oracle, sql server, mysql, or microsoft access.
experience with sql required, experience with spss preferred but not required.
this role will be part of the enterprise data and information services team that is responsible for the enterprise data warehouse.
writing sql.
supporting testing.
sql.
large enterprise data warehouse experience.
the ideal candidate will also have good communication skills and must be willing to ask questions to help resolve issues.
under the general supervision of the program director, the data analyst supports program operations through the use of health information systems, data analysis and reporting, and the development of workflows to map program operational processes.
conducts data analysis and reporting to support program operations, and to meet reporting requirements of funders, payers.
must have extensive experience using multiple databases, and proficient in microsoft word, and excel, this position description is a guide to the critical duties and essential functions of the job, not an all-inclusive list of responsibilities, qualifications, physical demands, and work environment conditions.
proficient in excel formulas and functions, vlookup, pivot tables, etc.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
skilled at data manipulation and visualization.
oh hiring mode contract to hire working proficiency in developmental toolsets with minimum of 5 plus years of experience with the following hive, kafka, scala, sqoop, spark, tera-data, conrol m, unix, haddop, cicd, java, apis, spring boot, cloud foundry, avro ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals understanding of software skills such as development, maintenance and software improvement a college degree or equivalent experience should posses very good analytical skills familiarity with automation scripts, jenkins familiarity with jira and hp service management ability to work with a sense of urgency and attention to detail demonstrated verbal and written communication skills and excellent analytical skills collaborative decision-making and good judgment strong time, interpersonal and
people skills ability to operated comfortably in a multi-task multi priority environment across a global team experience with client server environments knowledge of agile application development concepts role data analyst location columbus,
oh hiring mode contract to hire working proficiency in developmental toolsets with minimum of 5 plus years of experience with the following hive, kafka, scala, sqoop, spark, tera-data, conrol m, unix, haddop, cicd, java, apis, spring boot, cloud foundry, avro ability to collaborate with high-performing teams and individuals throughout the firm to accomplish common goals understanding of software skills such as development, maintenance and software improvement a college degree or equivalent experience should posses very good analytical skills familiarity with automation scripts, jenkins familiarity with jira and hp service management ability to work with a sense of urgency and attention to detail demonstrated verbal and written communication skills and excellent analytical skills collaborative decision-making and good judgment strong time, interpersonal and
people skills ability to operated comfortably in a multi-task multi priority environment across a global team experience with client server environments knowledge of agile application development concepts.
\xa0will utilize various reporting tools and work with key stakeholders to help define project scope, identify data sources, and determine best methods to deliver results.
experience writing t-sql queries is required for this role.
work with the data analysis team to develop complex queries and data sources to gather and analyze data.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
experience with report development in programs such as excel, access, sql queries, tableau, ssrs.
familiarity with tfs, visual studio, ssms, t-sql.
take ownership of data analysis activities and work closely with end users, both internal and external clients, to translate requirements into data-driven applications and data visualization solutions, reporting and dashboards.
perform complex data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities.
maintain and monitor reporting tools in power bi, spotfire etc.
effectively work with business users and product owners to clarify project requirements and provide project estimates.
collaborate with others on developing predictive models, collaborate effectively with engineers, data scientists, and product owners to implement project work youre doing.
perform complex data analysis to identify trends, patterns, and opportunities.
lead product roadmap creation for bi to define the capabilities of the platforms and services and delivery timelines.
hands-on experience with bi tools and reporting software, microstrategy, tableau, power bi, excel.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
experience with agile methodologies.
experience working with sql server, azure, and snowflake.
experience writing and debugging complex sql queries.
experience with source control, git preferred.
the ideal candidate should have 3-7 years experience as a data analyst experience with vba, excel experience with aladdin
the ideal candidate should have 3-7 years experience as a data analyst experience with vba, excel experience with aladdin
data research analyst.
data research analyst for our clients in maryland.
data research analysts must have the ability to extract data contained in large databases and analyze information to derive meaningful information and customer support skills.
applicable degree, s, : counterintelligence, insider threat, government, logistics, politics, political science, or personnel security.
minimum three, 3, years of experience supporting ic security elements, supporting personnel security policy and program development.
demonstrated ability to analyze problems conduct independent research, filter and synthesize vast amounts of information and data, summarize findings succinctly, and present logical arguments.
demonstrated familiarity with appropriate security regulations and policies.
broad experience with the legislation, history, policy issues, and practical challenges facing security clearance reform initiatives in the national security environment.
extensive experience in collaboration and consensus building across government organizations and industry, u, the contractor shall provide support to ncsc security missions, with emphasis on personnel security, assist in policy research to support national policies and decision-making, and directly coordinate with colleagues and senior-level government personnel on the status of various tasks, initiatives.
the contractor shall provide executive secretariat support to the director, ncsc to enable the conduct of the dni security board governance of the ic security programs, u, the contractor shall assist with the research, analysis, review, revision, and coordination of icds, personnel security, information security, including cyber security, physical, technical security and industrial security.
the contractor shall report on daily issues and strategic topics impacted by odni security policies and specific areas of security interest.
the contractor shall attend working groups to record issues and recommend solutions relative to research topics and implementation issues, u, the contractor shall assist with the development of a standardized process to assess the waiver of icds and the appropriateness of equivalent security measures and assist with establishing an ic-wide security outreach program for both government and industry to include personnel security.
research.
will handle analytics projects using sql, python and business intelligence tools.
create visualization from finds to present to leadership and cross-functional stakeholders.
transform data from multiple sources using advanced tools such as python, sql, r programming and excel.
requirements, bachelors degree in business, analytics or supply chain required, minimum of 1-3 years of related experience, 2 - 3 years experience with fact, dim data-warehouse and tableau experience working with large data sets, conducting analyses and presenting findings, as well as collecting and documenting business requirements, advanced knowledge of microsoft excel.
experience working with sql.
preferred experience working, developing with r programming.
sr. project manager, supply chain.
: supply chain, analytics, data, data warehouse, bi, sql, tableau, r programming, r, excel, power point, microsoft, python, supply chain analyst, demand planner, planning, forecasting, statistics, finance.
analyze project-related problems and create innovative solutions involving technology, analytic methodologies, and advanced solution components.
champion all aspects of data architecture, analytic methodology, and visualization functions including engineering standards, governance processes, and providing vision and context to explore and effectively utilize emerging technologies.
this person is responsible for supporting the teams research and development.
2+ years of experience in tableau.
2+ years of experience with sql server.
2+ years of experience in data science, preferably with python and r. must be eligible for a secret clearance or have held one previously.
business development.
the data analyst, reporting to the director of research and evaluation, is responsible for reviewing and analyzing data that supports assigned projects related to sensitive family violence, child maltreatment case information for the center for family safety and healing, tcfsh.
to deliver on our promise to provide the very best, innovative care and to foster new discoveries, made possible by the most groundbreaking research.
establishes and maintains timelines for projects and coordinates activities with other requesters to obtain specific information to meet project expectations.
collaborates and assists in the day-to-day management of survey activity and communication.
attends educational programs as schedule and budget permits to maintain knowledge level and ability related to continuous quality improvement, evaluation, and data visualization technology.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, health informatics, or related field; masters preferred, mba, mha or similar.
2-4 years of experience in an evaluation or applied research setting, or in health care data analysis.
ability to create and utilize relational data files; experience and proficiency with sql and reporting.
high-level working knowledge of microsoft office, including access and excel, including formulas and pivot tables.
support your financial protection and security in retirement.
this person will leverage their sql and data scripting skills, work with peer analysts to produce and maintain enhanced metrics reports, dashboards and analysis for use in business review presentations on a recurring basis.
this role will partake in bi initiatives to continually improve the process of data management and transformation and visualization of raw data into meaningful insights.
write, review, optimize sql queries, views, and set stored, scheduled procedures to extract data.
experience testing, validating and improve efficiency and quality of existing reports.
adept at advanced sql queries, report writing and presenting findings.
strong interpersonal skills, oral communication skills and problem solving abilities.
proficient in ms office excel, pivot tables, power pivot, formulas, vba.
xml and java scripting a plus.
understanding of python scripting language a plus.
understanding of cloud sql and cloud storage a plus.
startup environment and day-to-day communication with us and european-based customers.
create and maintain internal and external reporting using both python and sql.
strong sql or python skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
knowledge of various analytics platforms, measurement solutions, data visualization tools, and experience using these tools to provide meaningful insight.
knowledge of big data platforms and analytics methodologies atop data lakes preferred.
are you a data analyst that can work with quantitative researchers, data scientists and engineers to accelerate a research pipeline.
this nyc based, top-tier hedge fund seeks a talented data analyst who is passionate about data analysis, data exploration and data augmentation.
as the data research analyst you will.
apply data analysis through tools and languages such as python, r, matlab, tableau and, or other.
use your incredible data analysis skills and deep intellectual curiosity to come up with thoughtful actionable insights.
work with sql and relational databases.
work closely with a world class team to enhance the investment research pipeline.
2+ years of expert data analysis skills in financial services or investment research, ideal but not required.
advanced python and data skills such as r, matlab, tableau and, or pydata.
ability to visualize your data analysis work.
advanced sql and relational database skills.
research.
title: big data analyst - customer experience.
moreover, the cx data analyst should excel at obtaining and structuring data, extracting insights and converting ideas to action.
• 3+ years of experience in a combination of strategy, data analytics, customer research, and business operations field.
• familiarity with data blending and visualization tools, preferred alteryx and tableau.
• demonstrated ability to turn complex data into a visualization that audiences can quickly understand.
• strong analytical, written and verbal communication skills.
• experience with scrum agile methodology.
research.
market research
we are consistently exploring new technologies and tools to be agile.
prior experience in data analysis, data reconciliation and data reporting.
advanced excel or database skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills required.
outstanding analytical and problem solving skills.
ability to work with large amounts of information and see the “bigger picture, wed love to see, a degree or significant coursework in management information systems, computer science, statistics or equivalent technical work experience.
prior experience working with court records a plus, impact youll make, collaborate with data management team to quantify the impact and assess the severity of data quality issues.
use a combination of software tools, statistical analysis, problem solving and research to analyze robust court record data sets.
maintain and update proprietary software to streamline data acquisition and ingestion--inclusive of thorough log of daily progress, date and time of last contact, data transfer methods and frequency, all responses and communication with data source.
troubleshoot data collection and processing issues in order to ensure timeliness and comprehensiveness.
we are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability status, veteran status, marital status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law, transunions internal job title, analyst, data analysis.
business development.
minimum 1 year of experience working in a sql server management studio environment.
successful execution of project responsibilities from start to finish.
timely communication.
microsoft sql certification, s. database tools, oracle.
analyze and interpret acquired data from internal, external data sources and develop etl process, mapping system and optimize efficiency and data quality using sas, r, sql.
design and maintain databases for supporting new business models, reporting requirements using r, sql, categorical data analysis.
analyze the complex datasets and create models to interpret and predict trends or patterns in the customer base usingtime series analysis and forecasting, linear regression analysis, multivariate, simple, multiple linear regression.
must have a master’s degree in statistics, biostatistics, or applied mathematics plus skills and knowledge in sas, r, time series analysis and forecasting, linear regression analysis, multivariate, simple, multiple linear regression, sql, categorical data analysis.
as the data analyst, you will report to the enterprise asset management assistant director and will be responsible for building and analyzing client data for the purpose of developing and implementing machine learning, ai solutions.
travel may be required for this position, up to 50, depending on the nature of the projects, duration, and project commitments.
discovering trends and patterns in big data.
building predictive models and machine learning algorithms to address business problems.
able to present information using data visualization techniques.
must have a strong work ethic, excellent communication skills, and a high degree of credibility and integrity.
excellent communication skills-verbal and written.
5 years of hands on, technical and functional experience, a bachelors degree in computer science, business or related field or an mba, strong background in databases using sql and nosql.
background in set theory and statistics.
must know at least one programming language, python preferred.
design and develop it infrastructure needed for enterprise data warehousing including data mart, data lake using ibm cloud tools, hadoop and apache spark.
in depth understanding of master data management, mdm. identify, collect, analyse, and present trends, visualizations, and summaries of data.
create machine learning algorithms and predictive models using statistical techniques.
architecture and planning.
the candidate will be required to leverage multiple software systems, communication with end users, and other means to troubleshoot issues.
they are seeking a business analyst to support the day to day operation of our global casework tracking and management system, ctms, and business intelligence reporting platform, tableau.
this role will work with field staff to ensure the ctms and tableau continue to bring operational efficiency.
use of our customers casework tracking and management system, “ctms, and tableau reporting platform.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0execute quality assurance testing; address system, data and functional gaps;
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0assist in data management, data quality, and data reporting.
ad-hoc tableau reporting requests and inquires.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0maintain and train end-users in tableau data visualizations and dashboards.
\xa0 \xa03+ years of experience in operational system support and data management.
\xa0 \xa03+ years of experience using business intelligence platforms, ssrs, power bi, tableau, etc, required, certification preferred.
\xa0 \xa0 \xa0exceptional verbal and written communication.
prepare and document functional and technical specifications for reporting and data warehouse work.
work with it and business project teams to understand reporting and data warehousing requirements and propose solutions.
works under general supervision; typically reports to a project manager.
5 years experience as a data analyst required 5 years 5 years of it related experience required 5 years 5 years of it-business communication experience highly desired 5 years 5 years of working on it projects required 5 years.
computer and network security.
security and investigations
our client is looking for data systems analyst to assist in a cloud optimization project to reduce costs across the organization.
this resource will be responsible for analyzing and fixing the code integrity related to aws as well as meeting with application owners.
technology, software development and agile project management play an instrumental role in our client’s efforts to deliver clean energy services and power generation cross the us.
assist cloud portfolio optimization by addressing invalid code.
use alfabet, apptio, aws, and other tools.
partner with application owners, enterprise architecture team, and cloud engineers to eliminate use of invalid code.
assist cloud portfolio optimization by streamlining untagged aws resources.
assist cloud optimization efforts by helping prepare periodic reports on cloud cost performance and optimization assessment.
assist it product portfolio optimization by aggregating and analyzing necessary data.
3+ years programming experience manipulating and analyzing data, python or scala, experience building robust and scalable data integration, etl, pipelines using airflow, sql, python and spark.
data warehousing experience with oracle, redshift, teradata, snowflake etc.
strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings defining new data collection and analysis processes an analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources.
experience with big data technologies, hadoop, hive, hbase, pig, spark, apache druid, such as s3, ec2, and emr, spark, etc.
lead the transformation of a peta-byte scale batch-based processing platform to a near real-time streaming platform using technologies such as apache kafka, cassandra, spark and other open source frameworks.
to support our security system plans, ssps, team in.
the role of the data analyst in the ssps team is to serve as a gatekeeper for the surface transportation data, interpreting and turning it into business intelligence so stakeholders can understand data and use it to make strategic business decisions, this is a highly analytical and technical role that requires an undergraduate degree or masters degree in analytics, computer modeling, science, statistics or math, duties and responsibilities.
defining new data collection and analysis processes.
microsoft excel and, or access, advanced proficiency preferred.
sql, or structured query language.
qlik sense data visualization.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
proficient using java for multi-tiered web-based applications.
demonstrate an understanding of html–based programming, including understanding of html authoring tools to implement these functions.
power bi reporting.
azure.
the energy data analyst possesses competence in quantitative methods and applied mathematics to understand and apply the fundamental concepts and techniques of operations research to installation energy and operational energy challenges.
qualifications, bachelors degree in: operations research, engineering, mathematics, economics or management science, or, 10 or more years commensurate professional experience in dod engineering, systems or energy engineering field, or dod operations research or more years analytic experience.
architecture and planning.
responsible for gathering and documenting business requirements, design requirements, test cases and scripts, test plans, and participating in user acceptance testing for data warehouse and business intelligence solutions.
the employee will work with other technical team members to deploy solutions based on departmental documentation and testing standards.
the data analyst i may be assigned project or support activities.
define and document detailed etl specifications for data warehouse interface, extracts, and staging areas.
develop test cases and sql test scripts based on detail data design, detail functional design and etl specifications.
manage the resolution of project and support issues within the scope of assigned tasks.
own and be fully accountable for assigned support of existing applications including: keeping end-user contact lists up to date, keeping communication slas up to date, evaluating and scoping new requests and incidents.
ability to write sql queries against relational databases of a simple complexity in a work or educational environment.
must possess excellent documentation and communication skills, bachelors equivalent experience, 2 years of experience.
collaborate with engineering to advance data infrastructure and governance.
please note: unfortunately, internships, co-ops, practica, university research, independent projects, etc.
bachelors or masters degree in math, engineering, statistics or other quantitative field, with a track record of academic excellence.
ability to write complex sql queries to extract data from a variety of internal sources.
solid understanding of statistics with ability to explain statistical concepts to non-technical audiences.
proficiency with bi tools such as tableau, looker, or equivalent.
knowledge of programming languages such as python, r preferred.
works with the client to define analytic needs or problems, determine the scope of efforts, define and execute data collection approaches, and plan and conduct analyses, studies, and surveys.
reports on the health of projects, providing specific supporting analysis to promote project success.
coordinates between multiple project teams to ensure enterprise-wide integration of efforts, and provides group facilitation, interviewing, training, and additional forms of knowledge transfer.
assist with business development activities, such as proposals, capture, account teams, whitepapers, conferences, and, or other thought leadership materials.
ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
creating spreadsheets in excel.
proficient in microsoft excel.
all applicants will be considered for employment without attention to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, veteran or disability status, if youre a california resident, please read the, california consumer privacy act.
a four year degree or equivalent experience in a relevant field such as business, finance, or statistics.
have experience in data modeling, such as glm, time series, svm, etc.
have a demonstrated knowledge of survey and research design.
do you possess strategic data analysis skills that you want to have shine in one of the best place to work.
building export process automation in visual basic application to interact with other microsoft suites, sap, and sql based web sites.
creating reporting queries in sql and preforming data analyses.
develops key performance metrics and dashboards and presentations to help drive key business decision-making and provide data-driven improvement recommendations through data mining and analyses.
excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
ms excel – writing macros, developing formulas, using functions such as pivot and lookup tables.
experience with query languages, sql, python, recommended.
peoplefun is seeking a game data analyst who will work with product management and player research to understand the behavior of millions of mobile game players across our entire portfolio of game titles.
this person will play an important role in peoplefun’s product and business strategy by creating and maintaining tableau dashboards, writing sql queries to perform ad hoc analytics, reporting findings, and developing actionable recommendations.
model and forecast player behavior using quantitative techniques including but not limited to choice modeling, time series analysis, bayesian statistics, and cluster analysis.
create and maintain tableau dashboards to visualize results.
report results weekly to the team in presentation format with slides and tableau dashboards to demonstrate and support findings.
work with player research to determine how quantitative analytics can work with qualitative analytics to develop a clearer picture of player behavior.
bachelor’s degree, graduate degree a plus, in computer science, statistics, informatics, information systems or another quantitative field.
deep interest in understanding and forecasting player behaviors and choices through developing and testing quantitative models.
strong critical thinking and communication skills.
experience with sql working with relational databases, writing and debugging queries.
experience with tableau - creating dashboard reports and using visualizations to answer specific business questions.
experience with aws cloud services ec2, redshift, s3.
experience with big data tools spark, hadoop, etc.
experience with python developing scripted solutions to automate recurring processes and data analysis using.
pandas.
develops class action fairness act, cafa, data and notices.
education and experience, bachelors degree from four-year college or university, preferably in computer science, information systems or computer engineering, minimum of four years of experience in the data management field.
effective verbal and written communication skills.
project management skills.
problem solving skills.
ability to work with mathematical concepts, such as probability and statistical inference, and fundamentals of plane and solid geometry and trigonometry, and apply concepts such as fractions, percentages, ratios, and proportions to practical situations.
microsoft office excel 2007.
california applicants, : pursuant to the california consumer privacy act, the following link contains the firms california consumer privacy act privacy notice for candidates which explains the categories of personal information that we collect and the purposes for which we use such personal information.
ccpa privacy notice for candidates,
to assist them with an initial prototype that brings together data from a variety of sources in pandpt, excel, eln, pptx, and produces reports for pandpt scientists, showcasing the power of data management.
4+ years of analytical skills, data modeling, bi, reporting tool familiarity.
4+ years of sql, sql server, etl, data modeling.
directly support customers in use of data visualization tools to develop and deploy reports, charts, dashboards, alerts, etc.
assists in selection and deployment of data visualization tools across the company.
provide in-depth data analysis to assist in answering complex business questions.
work with project teams to develop data visualizations and conduct data conversion activities as part of new or modified it services.
maintain relationship with outside vendors, partners for the purposes of supporting data visualization tools and augmenting staff for data analysis activities.
work with training department and customers to develop, deliver, and, or coordinate data visualization training, documentation, and other educational tools and materials.
study use and performance of data visualization tools, data marts and makes recommendations for enhancements.
make recommendations for strategic direction of data analysis tools and procedures in alignment with business strategy.
minimum 3 years of work experience with data analysis.
bachelor’s degree or foreign academic equivalent in data science, business communication, or related field of study.
formal education in the use of data analysis tools and practices required.
high level of competency with microsoft excel and other data analysis tools.
proficient with data query languages, sql, excel pivot tables etc.
knowledge of data governance structures and purpose.
senior bi data analyst.
the senior business intelligence, bi, analyst provides, companywide strategic, analytical and technical support for bi activities.
the senior bi analyst acts as an intermediary between the business community and the technical community, working with multifamily technology project teams and business clients to collect, clarify, and translate
business requirements into documentation and conceptual design from which bi applications and solutions are developed.
the senior bi analyst is also heavily involved in the distribution and successful delivery of all bi reports.
the senior bi analyst serves as a key contributor in master data management and data governance, and acts as a champion for existing and new products, services, tools and platforms to advance the overall analytics capabilities of brookfield multifamily and other brookfield sectors.
serve as a data steward to enable continuous improvement in data quality and influence the data governance framework surrounding the capture and consumption of critical data points.
design, build and deliver queries, reports, and visualizations in support of sector performance goals and aggregated investment returns, while adhering to best practices for design and data governance.
partner with data scientists in experimental design, data quality, availability, accuracy, consistency, reliability, and implementation, whether through continued iterations or operationalizing via integrations or visualizations.
this position requires an undergraduate, bachelor, degree in mis, statistics, economics, applied math, business and, or finance required.
5+ years of ms office products including advanced excel modeling experience is required.
oral and written communication.
customer oriented with a passion for problem solving.
decision making and problem solving.
business development.
participate actively on project teams and develop innovative ways to use data and advanced technology to provide value to engagement teams and clients.
gain comprehensive accounting, advisory and project management skills.
client engagements and project experiences.
technology and science: actuarial science, computer science, it security, it operations, administration, management information systems, mathematics.
business: accounting, analytics, business, economics, finance, operations, statistics, supply chain.
willingness to travel based on project assignment requirements.
clear, concise verbal and written communication skills.
proactive communication of relevant account information to internal parties.
expert quantitative reasoning, problem solving and analytical skills.
delivers clear, effective communication and commits to understanding others.
proficient in microsoft excel and word.
demonstrated experience with analysis or reporting tools, sql, report builder, power bi, cognos, etc.
business development.
the data and research analyst develops, manages, and maintains reports and.
working primarily in sql, the incumbent will use various data sources.
and security.
data mining, research design, and strategic goals and objectives around.
automate data processes, including etl, sql, stored procedures, crystal reports.
provide data and reports for federal and institutional research and.
for research, surveys, and assessments; help facilitate design, execution, and.
reporting on research findings for use in strategic planning and policy.
create framework for forecasting and modeling.
data quality management: identify data quality issues and work with appropriate.
communication: quickly assess user needs and translate into clear and concise.
project management: work with team members to plan short- and long-term.
research, forecasting, analysis, and reporting.
proficiency in sql, query and reporting analysis tools.
especially excel.
proven ability to create project plans and successfully.
knowledge of an object-oriented language such as python or r. experience with both qualitative and quantitative statistical methods in survey.
design, research, or assessments is preferred.
research.
this position will be based in san diego and working in the customer engineering operations team supporting all data analysis activities.
candidate will use excel and powerpoint skills and should be highly detail oriented.
minimum qualifications, bachelors in electrical engineering or computer science knowledge of thoughtspot and qlikview tools expert level knowledge in ms office, including mastry in excel, current versions, and ms powerpoint proven experience working with big data and able to provide customized bi solutions experience working with data analysis, including driving needs gathering, documentation creation and reporting salesforce dashboards and reporting expertise salesforce dashboards and reporting expertisesalesforce dashboards and reporting expertise, preferred qualifications.
drive the cross-business initiative to deliver robust and timely pricing data warehouse and high impact pricing dashboards to provide insights and guidance to all business units.
manage, deliver monthly pricing data warehouse and dashboards to critical business owners across consumer and consumer.
subject matter expert for batch, manual updating of data warehouse by coordinating, securing all identified pricing data dispersed across multiple systems and sources.
develop strong organizational agility and partnerships to enable timely and accurate information inputs for data warehouse development.
identify and resolve data quality issues discovered during insights and reporting process, bachelors degree in business, economics, or related field, masters degree is a plus, ability to manage complex data, infer trends, and spot patterns with statistical analysis, meticulous attention to detail.
experience using alteryx or sql server, scripting language, sas, r, spss, stata, exceptional systems.
experience with data visualization tools such as tableau.
understand markets, customer and end consumer and products sold, understand companys business model and mission, well-developed communication skills.
excellent project and time-management skills.
our clients typically look for strong sql, excel, and visualization skills.
here are a few key responsibilities that are part of the day-to-day role: - interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports - develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality - acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases, data systems - identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets - filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems - work with management to prioritize business and information needs - locate and define new process improvement opportunities if you are interested, please send me your most updated resume to.
proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst - technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques - strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks, - knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc, if you are interested, please send me your most updated resume to.
robert half technology matches it professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis.
automatic data engineering workflows run on big data platform from a massive amount of data generated by our players every second.
such as machine learning, statistic modeling, time series analysis, anomaly detection, classification, clustering methods, and all cool stuff you like
if you have experience in market mix modeling and have used statistical or machine learning techniques to assess channel efficiency and recommend optimal marketing spend by channel.
b. s. or b. a. in math, statistics, comp sci, engineering, or other quantitative field required; advanced degrees preferred.
hands-on experience with sql, dashboard design.
python is your go-to language and tool when coming to data science-related works.
performing corporate actions research, election, and processing.
maintenance of new security set up, pricing, and other system financial data.
strong communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft word and excel.
a person in this role supports the delivery of client services using their technical skills, mostly sql, advanced excel and using urban science poprietary software solutions, to execute quality data-related projects and assignments with a high degree of accuracy and in a timely manner.
stem focused degrees in computer science, math and statisics as well as other technical degrees are a good foundation for this kind of position.
the technical aspect of the role is not developer level but uses a lot of basic sql skills.
accurately performs application coding and testing functions associated with the development of custom client software.
verbal communication.
requires the ability to compose and verbally deliver information of varying levels, using appropriate grammar, tone, inflection and non-verbal cues, while also listening to and correctly deciphering verbal communication delivered by others.
written communication.
math and statistics.
requires knowledge of basic descriptive statistics and ability to execute simple statistical analyses, create scatter plots, bar charts and histograms; requires ability to apply the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem.
requires demonstrated knowledge of ms excel for charting and graphing of data, writing formulas, utilizing functions, and filtering, sorting and formatting of data; intermediate knowledge of ms word, powerpoint, and access is preferred.
working knowledge of relational database concepts, which require gathering and manipulating data manually is preferred; knowledge and experience with sql is preferred.
university degree required; technical degrees are strongly preferred, i. e, engineering, applied math, statistics, applied science, information systems, operations research, etc, from an accredited college or university, or equivalent foreign institution.
should have prior experience with microsoft excel and be familiar with the advanced functions, i. e. v-lookups, pivot tables, formulas.
data analyst responsibilities include assessing source system data, developing data ingestion and data cleansing methods, and development of analysis and reporting capabilities.
develop and implement databases and data collection systems.
intermediate excel and, or power bi experience preferred.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of sql.
strong competency in at least one of the following: c, f, python.
competency in one, some of the following: r, python, powershell, powerbi.
working knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets.
excellent communication skills – including oral, written and presentation.
ability to lead, “own, and drive a project or case to completion.
scales growing portfolio of five brands and 70+ products helps hundreds of thousands of people live healthier lives, together we have a lifetime of experience in health, nutrition, entertainment, advertising, creative, media buying, strategy, performance optimization, and leadership.
we are looking for someone with a natural ability to use data to better understand customer behavior, and use those findings to improve business results including future forecasting, predictive analysis, subscriptions and retention.
gather information and examine web traffic, social media metrics, marketing campaigns and other activities that will design and create reports for a variety of stakeholders, create and manage the companys online bi tool, including dashboard creation, using complex data from different data sources, such as our data warehouse and other apis, present monthly, quarterly and yearly results to the executive team, as well has provide business insights and assist with strategic planning.
collaborate with media teams to provide data insights and recommendations for optimization towards marketing goals, campaign ad spend, and campaign funnels across digital channels.
analyze and optimize current retention efforts to reduce churn rates, provide key insights and derive new retention plans and offerings across different products and brands, create revenue projections for the companys product lines, derive specific targets per department based on projections, education requirements, bachelors degree in business, statistics, math, it or a related field, experience requirements, preferred min. 5 years experience in a related field such as ecommerce, digital marketing or cpg, excellent sql and excel knowledge and experience.
previously experience in a data analysis, statistics, business analytics role.
previously experience in a data visualization tools development, data modeling as well as dashboard design, such as sisense, tableau and qlik.
– sql server dba and data analyst.
the credit union is searching for a. sql server dba and data analyst.
the responsibilities of a sql server dba and data analyst include database administration, data consolidation, data analysis, and management reporting.
a bachelor`s degree in computer science, information technology, or equivalent education and experience is required, a minimum of 5 years’ experience with sql server 2012, t-sql programming, and ssis or 5+ years’ experience working in information technology.
conduct related research and data mining.
serves as subject matter expert, sme, for sas.
responsible for supporting the business unit through the analysis of quantitative and qualitative data using preferred bi platform.
working knowledge of best practices and how different levels of sas bi platforms interact with each other, specifically, metadata server, applications server, and mid-tier servers.
comfortable being an sme in all aspects relating to data collection and analysis for all internal customers.
specialized knowledge and, or skill requirements, bachelors degree in related field, statistics, math, computer science, and five, 5, years of experience or an advanced degree and three, 3, years of experience, experience reading and writing sas programming language, or similar such as sql, with ability to explain to non-technical users as needed.
strong proficiency in a sas bi environment including sas enterprise guide, sas enterprise miner, base sas, and ms excel.
must exhibit and use good verbal and written communication skills.
prior agile experience – experience in breaking down epics into smaller stories, estimating and writing user stories.
mid to upper level experience with sql.
delete, and how to join multiple tables, understands what sql is and how its used to retrieve data, can analyze how the retrieved data is related to requirements, and can effectively summarize analysis into useable recommendations, aws experience preferred.
from big data to industrial manufacturing, we deliver tools that transform the work of the people that use them.
to be passionate about data, automation and business strategy and drive business decisions by providing quantitative and qualitative data analysis and reporting of patterns, insights and trends to decision makers.
to have a thorough understanding of business objectives and key results, complex data architecture, advanced report and dashboard creation and the ability to assist it and the business with defining business requirements and provide training.
market research.
planning and forecasting.
participate as the marketing lead in the annual business forecasting process and on an ad hoc basis to understand the impact of new company initiatives.
bachelor’s degree in marketing, math, statistics, finance, or related analytical field.
strong sql skills, r or python a plus.
strong microsoft excel skills.
strong data presentation and visualization skills.
experience with statistical software, sas, spss, or open source equivalent, r, python, a plus.
working knowledge of html, css, javascript a plus.
communication and influencing.
leads research efforts for data management or analysis tasks.
researches, retrieves and reviews documentation for data management or analysis.
gathers user requirements, executes testing, updates user documentation and provides training.
responsible for creating data models and diagrams to pass along to developers, assists in formulating and defining small project, system scope and objectives and developing detailed systems specifications from which programs will be written and that fit with the company s system architecture standards.
reviews, drafts, and outlines simple systems specifications, screen designs, and reports from which programs will be written and that fit with the company s system architecture standards, required skills.
verbal and written communication skills, problem solving skills, attention to detail and interpersonal skills.
knowledge of software systems, web application technologies, citizen integration models, rest apis, event driven paradigms, oauth based security.
experience working with development teams and data governance teams.
they must have strong technical skills and must have the ability to write complex sql queries firsthand.
knowledge of computer software, such as visual basic, java, sql, etc.
knowledge of kanban and agile scrum methodologies including writing user stories, pointing, and prioritizing.
project management or scrum master experience.
perform quantitative and, or qualitative data analysis and prepare results to share with internal and external customers.
aid in design and development of data warehouse, data mart applications.
utilize sql or other advanced analytic tools to perform data extract, integration and query functions.
demonstrated ability and desire to function as a project lead.
use of statistics to solve problems and perform moderately complex data analysis.
experience understanding and writing sql queries in various environments.
experience developing and troubleshooting programming code, sql, sas, stata, r. demonstrated ability to manage and prioritize multiple projects with varying deadlines.
compliance with data confidentiality and security procedures.
perform complex operations in microsoft office suite, with an emphasis on excel and ssms.
3 years of experience with healthcare data analysis.
advanced experience in sql, preferably t-sql, or python scripting with at least 3 years of experience.
experience using statistical analysis software such as sas, r, or python.
advanced experience with ms excel 2016 or later.
proficiency with tableau 10. 5 or later.
people who enjoy analyzing data or trends for the purposes of planning, forecasting, advising, budgeting, reporting, or sales opportunities.
as a sr. data analyst you will focus on contracts, pricing, and customer intelligence to maximize revenue and margin through contract and pricing strategy by leveraging analytic tools such as power bi, excel, etc.
bachelor’s degree in economics, computer information systems, business analytics, data science, business, accounting, finance, or related discipline with 4 to 6 years of data analysis and reporting experience or master’s degree in computer information systems, business analytics, data science, business, accounting, finance, or related discipline with 3 to 5 years of experience.
experience with excel and other reporting and visualization tools such as power bi or tableau.
effective presentation, written, verbal communication skills, including the ability to explain data and findings.
dashboard using tableau.
preferably hospital, a subject matter expert working with excel and tableau with physician coding.
proven experience in building enterprise data warehouses and data marts for bi, analytics and reporting.
proven expertise in building data visualization on big data leveraging tableau.
experience connect tableau to sql, no sql databases.
2yrs in building and deploying client facing and interactive dashboards using tableau and 2+yrs of experience working with tableau.
tableau certification a plus.
throughout our network of hospitals, primary care health centers, research centers, labs, physician practices and more, our skilled and compassionate professionals use the latest technology to make health care easier, so life can be better.
help clients define critical business reporting strategies by reviewing, analyzing and documenting business processes and user needs, and by developing, testing, implementing, and maintaining reports in various formats, flat, drillable, graphic, charts, dashboards, kpis, drawn from inter and intra application data stores and made available through various methods.
advise clients on data management and data governance best practices with a specific focus on health care claims and eligibility data.
understand concepts of master data management including familiarity with databases, data architecture and data modeling concepts and methodologies.
develops complex multi-data source queries and reports using sql.
translate high-level design into specific implementation steps and use advanced excel techniques to analyze data.
experience with sql is required.
strong microsoft excel skills including pivot tables, odbc or other direct connections to data warehouses, macros, conditional formatting, complex formulas.
experience with tableau, powerbi, businessobjects, or other comparable tools.
self-starter with excellent oral and written communication skills.
we seek candidates with a combination of strong knowledge of data models, software engineering experience, and machine learning skills.
having implemented advanced analytical models in python or r expertise and solid experience in bi tools ndash power bi, and obiee.
strong data visualization concepts and techniques.
strong programming skills, relational database skills with expertise in advanced sql and plsql, indexing and query tuning experienced in business intelligence and data warehousing concepts and methodologies.
extensive experience in data analysis and root cause analysis and proven problem solving and analytical thinking capabilities.
demonstrated ability to review business processes and translate into bi reporting and analysis solutions.
ability to follow the software development lifecycle, sdlc, process and should be able to work under any project management methodologies used.
ability to identify bi application performance bottlenecks and tune.
ability to work quickly and accurately under pressure and project time constraints ability to prioritize workload and work with minimal supervision basic understanding of software engineering principles and skills working on unixlinuxwindows.
operating systems, version control and office software experience with big data lake.
hadoop implementations required qualifications a bachelorrsquos degree in computer science or related field preferred qualifications experience with relational, multidimensional and olap techniques and technology experience with python building predictive models.
experience with visualization tools like ms power bi, tableau, oracle dvd experience with obiee tools version 10.
x. working knowledge with informatica change data capture installed on db2 zos working knowledge of informatica power exchange soft skills strong written and oral communication skills in the english language ability to work with business and communicate the technical solution to solve business problems.
business development.
process deteriorated pole work-orders to the pole project management group, ppm. update poletracker with dates when work-order packages are received from contractors.
utilize sas visual analytics for data extraction and reporting.
two or more years of experience as a program or project support analyst performing complex data analyses.
experience utilizing advance functions of microsoft excel such as sum-ifs, v-lookups, index, match, pivot tables, macros, and manage and analyze large datasets.
experience using sas visual analytics for data extraction and reporting.
desired qualifications, bachelors degree in business, information technology, business analytics, or other related field, experience with pole tracker, project tracker, design manager, dm, sap, sas va, or other visual analytics software.
must be highly proficient in microsoft excel, word, access, powerpoint, and outlook.
the department of evidence and intelligence for action in health, eih, is responsible for leading the organization into the modern era of information for health, including data management, forecasting and scenario setting, using cutting edge information technology.
eih will be responsible for setting models, norms and standards for strengthening governance mechanisms for information systems for health in line with the organization’s policies and strategies for integrated and interoperable systems.
contribute to other analytical efforts of the eih department, including sdg monitoring, health equity monitoring, the health in the americas+ project, strengthening information systems for health, is4h, among others.
essential: a bachelor’s degree in a health, social science, or quantitative-related discipline and a master’s degree in statistics, demography, epidemiology, mathematics, international public health, or in any of the areas related to the functions of the position, from a recognized university.
org and college navigator, found on the website of the national centre for educational statistics, https, nces.
nine years of combined national and international experience in applying complex statistical modeling and health analysis to public health issues; monitoring global public health indicators such as the sustainable development goals, sdgs, and inequalities in health.
experience managing and analyzing large datasets from health and related areas using analytical software such as sas, spss, and stata.
desirable: fluent understanding of r and python, and experience with sql.
communication:
foresees communication needs of audience and targets message accordingly.
facilitates open communication; encourages others to share their views openly and takes time to understand and consider their views.
demonstrated ability to apply data science and complex analytical techniques to public health issues using large data sets from various sources, including from non-health sectors such as education, agriculture, democracy and governance, environment, among others.
proven experience in applying research methodologies and statistical techniques, regression models, time series analysis, probability distribution models, etc.
strong professional oral and written communication skills with the ability to communicate effectively across multi-disciplinary areas, including the development of reports, oral presentations, and technical, persuasive documents for consideration at the highest levels of the organization.
demonstrated ability to effectively utilize statistical software programs such as stata, sas, spss, r, excel, and other related programs.
knowledge of sql and scripting languages such as python would be an asset.
synopsys, a recognized leader in application security, provides static analysis, software composition analysis, and dynamic analysis solutions that enable teams to quickly find and fix vulnerabilities and defects in proprietary code, open source components, and application behavior.
with a combination of industry-leading tools, services, and expertise, only synopsys helps organizations maximize security and quality in devsecops and throughout the software development life cycle.
strong familiarity with excel functions and macros.
understanding of it and security is a plus.
written and verbal communication skills.
you will be responsible for design and implementation of a data governance program for equities transactional lifecycle data.
• perform data analysis to measure and enforce high data quality standards.
participate in internal and external testing of cat.
min 3-5 years experience in a technology or data management role, including experience working with data mining and analytics technology solutions.
reviews operations and testing of models to.
nolij consulting has an opening for a data visualization analyst to join our team based in falls church, va.
we are looking for a self-motivated data visualization developer to build insights and dashboards for our client.
the candidate will work with our data analysis team to ideate on data presentations, plan and execute on the technical approach for building visuals.
proficiency with html5, css3, javascript, es6, sql, r, python.
experience with javascript frameworks, libraries such as angular and vue.
experience with data visualization tools, such as tableau, powerbi, d3.
computer and network security
aa degree in business administration, statistics or 3-5 years of equivalent job experience preferred.
proficient in ms excel and database management.
business development.
veritone, nasdaq: veri, is a leading provider of artificial intelligence, ai, technology and solutions.
the company’s proprietary operating system, aiware, orchestrates an expanding ecosystem of machine learning models to transform audio, video, and other data sources into actionable intelligence.
its open architecture enables customers in the media and entertainment, legal and compliance, and government sectors to easily deploy applications that leverage the power of ai to dramatically improve operational efficiency and effectiveness.
collaborate with data science on solving complex problems through machine learning.
derive meaningful insights from campaign performance reports and make optimization recommendations to the media team.
leverage various media tools to assist media buyers in collecting research data.
must have exceptional excel skills with advanced knowledge of formulas.
strong decision making and communication skills.
detail-oriented with solid math skills and a high level of accuracy.
exceptional excel skills with advanced knowledge of formulas.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience working with bi, crm tools.
experience with research and buying tools; specifically for digital and offline media.
the position will perform in-depth data analysis; develop database models, database processes and functional analysis across various lines database methodologies specific to business intelligence.
experience with database and analytics tools on large, complex data sets, including use of sql queries, t-sql,
bi cubes, ssrs, ssas, excel, powerbi and relevant data mining tools.
analysis will include cleansing, transforming, validating or modeling data for improving data quality, design and presentation.
work closely with internal research teams, analytics, and technology teams as well as external vendors to ensure that data requirements can be met and executed.
bs in math, statistics, economics or related field
minimum of 5 years of experience in advanced sql queries and analysis.
prior hands-on experience in using ms-sql, etl tools, business objects or other related bi tools.
strong interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills with demonstrated ability to work in a team environment.
familiarity with looker or other related bi tools, jira required.
experience with redshift.
role: data analyst, strong sql.
java, sql.
experience with developing and productionizing data processing pipeline using tools like apache beam, spark and, or flink.
data visualization and dashboard creation.
experience with statistical modeling approaches.
experience with query development and data management tools like plx.
experience with creating effective data visualizations using tools like google data studio and tableau.
and all this while providing platinum customer support to our clients, the portfolios team in global data is responsible for the data management of mutual funds and etf portfolio holdings, as well as public portfolios such as government investment pools, collateralized loan obligation and etc.
, supports news, and enables our clients to follow the money flows, whats the role, the portfolios team is looking for a highly motivated individual with a passion for client engagement, research and technology.
excellent communication and customer service skills and experience in building strong relationships with clients and stakeholders, strong understanding of data processing paradigms and associated tools and technologies in global datas technology stack.
applied proficiency with one or more programming, scripting languages, python, r, javascript, java, as well as sql.
effective research skills and excellent attention to detail.
experience working in an agile development team.
experience using statistical and machine learning methods to solve real-world problems.
implement data collection and tracking plans.
manage data collection and data synthesis.
qualifications, bachelors degree or equivalent required, 2-5 years of experience doing research or working with data, ideally with social, web, or other marketing analytics data.
experience in data analysis, report generation, and data visualization tools, google data studio, looker, tableau, etc.
intellectual curiosity, problem solving skills and determination.
independently performs analysis, development, and testing of reporting solutions while providing well organized and clear documentation of procedures and results.
professional certification, s. sas certification preferred.
working knowledge of sas and, or sql; knowledge of writing queries and analytical reports required.
ability to quickly learn and use software bi tools.
sql; sas.
strong analytical and problem solving skills, medical mutual is looking to grow our team.
we maintain a drug-free workplace and perform pre-employment substance abuse and nicotine testing.
the test data management, tdm, analyst will plan, design, configure, implement, and support costco’s enterprise test data management capabilities.
the position will require the tdm analyst to develop test data design recommendations and solutions, while executing against test data management plans and test data governance.
implements and supports technical capabilities, repeatable processes, and best practices to support test data management.
develops test data management solutions, plans and strategies for test data lifecycle.
creates reports for management on test data management usability and metrics, powerpoint, excel etc.
ensures implemented solutions meet data security and compliance controls.
partners with project development and quality assurance teams to determine test data requirements, assess test scenarios, and determine the appropriate set of tdm capabilities.
participates and contributes to tdm architecture, governance, design, and planning sessions.
strong database experience in iseries, oracle, db2 or sql server.
hands-on experience with an etl or a test data management tool.
test data management concepts and techniques.
testing methods and approaches.
information security and compliance concepts such as pii, pci, hipaa, sox.
development methodologies, such as agile, devops and, or waterfall.
must have strong communication skills, including verbal, written, and presentation.
demonstrated experience in one or more of the following tdm tools: testbench, informatica test data management or similar enterprise tools.
quality assurance testing, including ability to write and execute test scripts.
strong knowledge of sql and experience with reporting packages, databases, mysql, sql server, vertica, programming, python or sql.
technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques using python.
excellent communication skill and ability to work with different business stakeholders to understand, identify and translate business challenges into data projects.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
the ideal candidate will have a passion for solving complex problems with data science, a strong ability to synthesize valuable insights from raw data, and the communication skills to effectively disseminate information across the team and organization.
the role will help guide strategic priorities by collecting and analyzing data from various available sources, building dashboards and reporting across all marketing channels, measuring campaign effectiveness, support our experimentation and a, b testing framework, and conducting research with our editorial team and respective products.
build tooling to aggregate data from disparate analytics and bi sources.
synthesize insights, present optimization recommendations, and use regular reporting to identify trends and opportunities for operational improvement, content strategy.
provide ad-hoc support of various growth initiatives including qualitative research, survey design, web, product development, and more.
1-2 years of experience in a bi, data science or analyst role in media or tech.
knowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and study.
experience with data analysis tools, workflows, and dashboards such as those provided by aws.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills with an emphasis on taking a data-focus approach.
working knowledge of google drive, and microsoft office, especially excel, slack, box and basecamp is a plus.
proficiency in using python and, or r to perform data analysis.
strong numpy, pandas skills a plus.
strong grasp of sql database usage.
experience with building dashboards using tools like google data studio, amazon quicksight or tableau.
research.
market research.
research.
performs data quality checks to ensure accuracy of item and contract data.
role: data analyst project duration: 12+ months location: new york, usa requirements:
assist with project issues log to initiate, track and record the resolution of project issues must be able to document business and technology process flows clearly using standard tools follow and update structured data collection procedures develop and execute sql, oracle, sas, documentum queries based on business application edd requirements.
ability to write sql, dql queries and coordinate creation of queries with other technical resources work closely with business and
it resources to define collection requirements collection, processing, and delivery of data for processing work with it and business resources to update and or develop new collection procedures assist in testing and qa of collection and processing tools for system implementation and upgrades.
1-2 years of experience extracting data from the ms sql server.
good interpersonal skills, i. e, strong verbal, and written communication, work well in a team environment.
role: data analyst project duration: 12+ months location: new york, usa requirements:
assist with project issues log to initiate, track and record the resolution of project issues must be able to document business and technology process flows clearly using standard tools follow and update structured data collection procedures develop and execute sql, oracle, sas, documentum queries based on business application edd requirements.
ability to write sql, dql queries and coordinate creation of queries with other technical resources work closely with business and
it resources to define collection requirements collection, processing, and delivery of data for processing work with it and business resources to update and or develop new collection procedures assist in testing and qa of collection and processing tools for system implementation and upgrades.
1-2 years of experience extracting data from the ms sql server.
good interpersonal skills, i. e, strong verbal, and written communication, work well in a team environment.
we empower the original mobile device: you, what were looking for, you can support the sales team by developing structured sales processes, analyzing sales performance within each process framework, and implementing solutions based on the results of data analysis.
you have the ability to be responsible for the development of essential solutions to support sales field intelligence, including definition of key success measures for actionable performance assessment and process optimization.
performs data mining and analysis on internal and external data sets and databases.
provides internal updates on project status, timeline, milestones and deliverables.
experience with it operations and systems including: databases, security and networking.
expert excel user with ability to automate reports, charts, pivot tables, vlookup, macros, vba, and database connectivity.
com, about, legal, privacy, citrix-recruitment-privacy-notice.
html.
for this role, we are looking for an experienced data analyst with strong business acumen who will help develop the strategy for our alliances team by helping us define and track kpis, support strategic initiatives, evaluate new lines of business and help the team excel in using available data to improve decision making.
in a typical week, you will be responsible for data analysis, dashboard, report building, and metrics reviews.
expert sql skills.
fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including experimentation, data visualization, and defining kpi strategy for your business.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
experience developing dashboards with tools such as tableau, looker.
if yes then ideas, insights data engineering and analytics
conduct data analyses deliver insights and learnings on marketing initiatives, programs, bi, for the consumer segment.
inform consumer strategy through deep insights, cross team collaboration, with data engineering and data science, and strong storytelling.
2+ years of experience in analyzing large volumes of data, extracting insights processing large data sets using sql or sql-like scripting language.
2+ years of experience in processing and building visualizations using reporting tool as power bi.
strong skills in statistics, machine learning languages and packages such as python, r, azure ml.
excellent written and oral communication skills, particularly the ability to synthesize complex issues, scenarios into easy-to-understand concepts.
bachelors or master’s degree in statistics, data science, applied mathematics, computer science, econometrics or a related field, or equivalent alternative education, skills, and, or practical equivalent experience.
build models to drive and maintain greenhouse gas emissions forecasts based on historical data and scenario modeling and to provide adjacent environmental data analysis.
enable effective data management and strategic decision making by building databases, dashboards, and tools on a diverse set of topics.
organizational and project management experience.
experience with tableau and excel.
data management and critical analysis skills, and attention to detail.
experience in financial modeling, roi analysis, or business forecasting, and experience seeing beyond numbers to drive sound decision-making from complex datasets.
we connect individuals to let them shop, get paid, donate and send money using today’s technology with the confidence that comes from the security and control paypal enables.
innovate and implement large-scale quality improvements to processes and, or systems by conducting data analysis and making recommendations, troubleshooting technical issues, and refining processes around customer support.
graduated, or will be graduating, with a bachelor’s or master’s degree in computer science, math, statistics or related field.
experience with one or multiple of the following will be highly desirable; python, java, tableau, jupyter notebooks, teradata, hadoop, hive, oracle, javascript, sql, airflow, linux, perl, php.
excellent understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms.
strong written and verbal communication skills with the ability to translate complex problems into simpler terms, and effectively influence both peers and senior leadership.
o use sql tools to resubmit encounters for clients such as ny, fl, and other markets.
• run, edit and maintain data extracts, applications, and ad-hoc queries as requested by internal and external customers using sql, ssis, informatica toolset, powercenter, b2b with mft.
• facilitate and perform deep-dive data analysis and reconciliation with external clients.
o use sql tools to develop and automate enrollment reconciliation reporting.
• relational database concept knowledge, sql server preferred.
• exposure to etl, reporting concepts, sql, or ssis preferred.
• experience with sql queries.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
applies analytical skills to the development and enhancement of unique proprietary business tools that drive the optimization and consolidation of agent partners business and are strategic differentiator to the unique hanover business model.
proactively research and apply best practices to technology solutions.
may research, prototype and write research briefs on emerging technologies related to data and analytics.
may apply proven data management techniques, application development methodologies and other technologies to produce comprehensive prototype solutions.
may perform source system data analysis.
solid understanding of microsoft excel.
solid analytical and problem solving skills.
strong communication and interpersonal skills.
privacy policy.
to view our privacy policy and online privacy statement, click here.
advanced spreadsheet skillsability to analyze and troubleshoot information for resolutionability to work well in cross-functional teamsability to multi-task in a fast-paced environmentability to meet aggressive service-level agreementsability to take a complex process or technology and create easy-to-follow copyexcellent written and verbal communication, with strong editing skillsknowledge of ap stylevast knowledge of technical writing and styles associated with itcollaborating with marketing and it on search engine relevancy as it relates to parts data’s influenceproficiency with ms word, excel, outlook and sap.
build the infrastructure required for optimal extraction, transformation, and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using sql and google cloud platform ‘big data’ technologies.
graduate degree in computer science, statistics, informatics, information systems or another quantitative field or equivalent professional experience.
advanced working sql knowledge and experience with both relational and non-relational databases, query authoring, sql, as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
experience building and optimizing ‘big data’ data pipelines, architectures and data sets.
working knowledge of message queuing, stream processing, and highly scalable ‘big data’ data stores.
experience with big data tools:
bigquery, apache beam, apache airflow, etc.
experience with relational sql and nosql databases, including postgres and google cloud datastore.
experience with object-oriented, object function scripting languages: python, ruby, c, etc.
bachelors degree in computer science, analytics, information systems or a related field 3-5 years of experience experience with sql, data modeling and mining, compiling of data from multiple sources advanced excel skills experience with bi reporting toolsand dashboards required, domo preferred experience with analytics tools required, adobe analyticsand target preferred e-commerce experience preferred salesforce marketing cloud experience a plus.
prepare project results or recommendations for a wide range of audiences using written reports and presentation exhibits, graphics.
design, implement, and maintain various databases as assigned; develop reporting capabilities and ensure data quality and documentation is adequate.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experienceseven to ten years health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience, preferably in the health insurance industry.
knowledge of applied statistics knowledge of econometric modeling knowledge of marketing analytic principles and modelingexperience utilizing competitive intelligencebackground in actuarial science experience with version control practices.
knowledge of cpt-4 and icd-9 coding and covered benefitsunderstanding of sas programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development toolsknowledge of general mathematical principalsworking knowledge of business objects and windowsunderstanding of micro and mainframe computer systemsability to mentor, coach and provide guidance to othersability to understand, visualize, and code to specification.
expertise in ansi sql methodsexperience with transactional databasesexperience with third normal form database schema design.
expertise with sas programming constructs.
ability to parse and decipher sas log output.
unbotifys mission is to provide a best in class solution to one of the major problems of web and mobile applications security today detecting malicious bots.
your role:-own critical steps in the customers life-cycle-work closely with our data science team, detect new types of bots and extract meaningful insights from our rich behavioral-biometric data-detect patterns in complex data via advanced analysis tools and statistical methods-play an active role in increasing the quality of our product and technologyyour tasks:-analyze prediction results, bot, human, and detect potential false positives and false negatives-perform freestyle research, to detect new bot patterns - and bring them to production, detection pipeline, -advanced technical customer support-visualize and present insights both internally and to customers-validate incoming customers biometric datayour profile:-extremely passionate about data-driven problems-excellent communication skills, both written and verbal, in english-a bachelors degree in a technical field-super-advanced data-analysis skills using bi tools, tableau, qlik, power bi, -proven experience in advanced statistical analysis-love working in a team and has the ability to work well independently and lead big projects-experience in fast-paced environments, meeting tight deadlines while prioritizing workloads-fast learner, with strong attention to details and a can do mentality-experience with python, pyspark - a big plus-experience with machine learning methods - a plus
key responsibilitiesyou participate in the creation of client-facing measurement strategies, from kpi selection to data capture requirementsyou develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems and other strategiesyou consult on and build data backend infrastructure using platforms like azure and awsyou automate manual reporting processes using technologies like pythonyou use etl, elt tools to connect disparate data sources into yeslers data lakeyou extract, clean, and integrate data from disparate data sources using sql or big data solutions like apache sparkyou build and manage business intelligence dashboards, using tools like tableau and power biyou interpret data and analyze results using statistical techniquesyou support the team in contextualizing data trends and uncovering actionable data insights for our internal and external clientsyou work across functional teams, media, creative, tech, to identify opportunities for optimizationyou contribute to ad hoc performance analyses that encompass a variety of digital and traditional channelsrequirements5
+ years of experience in marketing data analytics and bi dashboarding, preferably with a b2b focus and ideally, in an agency environmenttechnical chops: tableau, powerbi, sql, and excel wizardry are required.
experience in either r or python is a strong plus.
ability to learn systems and acquire technical skills quickly, and have a problem-solving attitudedata infrastructure, backend experience with azure or aws is a strong plusyoure a phenomenal teammate but able to work independently as wellbenefits.
conduct data analysis using a scripting, computer programming, for all development models.
1 or more years of experience in ecological data, research and professional activities, large gridded data sets from model output or remote sensing.
strong communication skills.
experience handling ecological and geophysical data in multiple formats such as ascii, netcdf and familiarity with a linux, unix computing environment.
experience with scripting data analysis software such as r, idl, python, or matlab.
•minimum one-year data collection or data entry experience required.
•basic knowledge of ms word, powerpoint, excel, and outlook required.
leading provider of technology-driven, communication services, serving fortune 1000 companies and other clients in a variety of industries, including telecommunications, retail, financial services, public safety, technology and healthcare.
contribute to real estate forecasting procedures.
expert knowledge in sql.
excellent analytical, presentation, and visualization skills.
great written and verbal communication skills.
must be patient, careful, very detail-oriented, and be able to qa and debug sql, code.
solid understanding statistics and trends.
awareness of data reported in cyber security tools.
align standards, frameworks and security with overall business and technology strategy.
participate in daily agile sprint meetings, set up review meetings, prepare status updates on periodic basis.
5+ years of enterprise data analytical experience and using technologies such as tableau, microsoft power bi and the like, sql, and query syntax.
3+ years of experience working in and, or dynamic cross-competency teams using a structured project development methodology.
experience with data quality research, testing, reporting.
knowledge of database design techniques and advanced sql and nossql skills.
desire to enhance development skills and research alternatives to accomplish tasks and drive innovation.
positive interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to listen, ask probing questions, and ensure accurate understanding of internal client needs.
ability to function independently and within an agile team • solid experience in exploratory data analysis and visualization.
created visualization using kibana, ms power bi, or tableau.
knowledge of data engineering and data science with machine learning is a plus.
5+ years of data analysis experience is required.
compiling, analyzing, and visualizing data using data visualization tools.
reporting and data analysis.
advanced skills in excel and using reports and extracts for reports, analysis, and data quality management.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
working knowledge of data visualization and reporting tools.
working knowledge of sql and relational databases.
data engineering analystresponsibilities.
works with the enterprise “community of excellence” to develop standards and best practices for engineering for data and machine learning.
develops data pipelines for dashboard development, machine learning models and exploratory data analysis.
iteratively delivers functionality using devops tools and concepts, including but not limited to, linux, unix command line, docker containers, sql, i. e. hive, git through the command line, spark, pyspark and python.
advanced sql.
experience with relational database systems, i. e. db2, sql server.
experience with hadoop tools.
experience with python.
typically requires:bachelors degree and at least 2 years of machine learning, data engineer or related experience or, masters degree and no experience or, at least 4 years of machine learning, data engineer or related experience.
report information for end-users using system tools, database or data warehouse queries and scripts.
must have a good understanding of databases and be proficient with python and, or sql.
excellent communication skills.
advanced ms excel skills that include creating pivot tables, macros, utilizing v, h lookups and vba.
familiarity with writing sql, and, or sas, queries for analyzing data and establishing business rules and requirements.
technical expertise regarding data sources, data structures, data organization, and data optimization using tools like salesforce einstein analytics, formerly known as wave,
ms power bi. must have experience analyze data for trends and patterns, understand internal database files and tables in order to develop custom reports.
what were looking fordesired educationbachelors degree in marketing, advertising, business, business information system, management of information systems, or statistics, gpa above a 3. 4, general knowledgesolid understanding of interpreting business analyticsstrong data analysis skillssolid understanding of the internetexperienceshould have customer service experience in any industrypart time, summer job, internship experience is a mustbasic html or data manipulation software experience, a plus, experience with google analytics, a plus, qualitiesstays up to date on new changes to the web and actively reads several blogsprofessional, dependable, solid work ethicsolid analytical skills and ability to make decisions based on datapassion for research and deep-diving into business analyticsexcellent time, project management skillsapproaches problem solving proactively and in a professional mannercreative problem solving abilitiesdetail-orientedself-motivatedability to meet deadlineswhat
youll doresponsibilitiesgather and analyze campaign dataconsult with clients about their business goals and propose solutions and strategies that meet their needsanalyze competitors’ websites and online marketing initiativesperform industry analysis and forecasting of trendsinterpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviorsoptimizing client websites for search engines, on-page seo, create and manage all aspects of seo, ppc, and paid search ad campaigns for clientsmanage email marketing, website analysis and online advertising
programsprepare monthly digital marketing campaign reportscorrect technical issues on the backend of websiteperform a, b, website usability, and website conversion rate testingresponsible for driving client success on the webpercentage
10% working in the backend of websites, fixing technical issues10% creating revenue, roi and traffic reports for client campaigns10% managing client projects and ad campaigns15% performing industry, demographic and market research, and trend forecasting20% client strategy and analytics20% client interaction- phone calls, emails, in-person meetingsnote: the jr. business data analyst is a client-facing positiontrainingour “bootcamp” web marketing training program will be provided for new webfx “family members.
potential promotional path for jr. business data analyst: digital marketing research consultantdirector of digital marketingsr.
digital marketing research consultantcompensation$35, 500 to $38, 500, potentially higher based on work experience, gpa 3.
to high rangecandidates interested in the jr. business data analyst position may also have interest in:digital marketing, online marketing, paid advertising, search marketing, inbound marketing, web marketing, content marketing, ppc, seo, sem, blogging, writing, editing, research, communications, etc.
excel, vba, sql data analyst location.
quantitative analytics is a new and expanding function among our portfolio management teams, dedicated to supporting portfolio modeling, financial forecasting, and term trading, hedging, and contracting in the areas of wholesale power supply, natural gas, coal, rail and renewables.
· bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as mathematics, engineering, physics, finance, or 2+ years of experience in data analytics with heavy use of advanced excel modeling, master’s degree and 5+ years of experience preferred.
· advanced excel skills with vba programming, math, statistical packages and data management techniques including manipulation of large datasets.
· strong knowledge of sql queries or access database development.
· experience with data modeling and forecasting techniques.
· willingness to quickly learn and conform to current practices to utilize existing excel, sql processes.
· ability to efficiently research coding and applied math approaches to speed new development.
· effective technical writing and oral communication skills.
· experience applying statistical modeling to solve business problems.
work with contractor and federal staff to enhance the collection and analysis of program dataupdate and develop on site data collection tools and processes to yield statistically reliable and informative data and support field program assessmentsassist in identifying performance outcomes and indicatorsidentify uniform data points for analysisconduct high-level data interpretation and analysis using a data analytics platformprepare written summaries and presentations that reflect the results of the data analysis and present findings to agency leadershipprovide ad-hoc data reporting as neededoversee the quality and the production of analytical reports, including intakes and field reportinghelp train contractor and field staff on the use of data collection and analysis toolsassist with projects that support the continual improvement of data analysiscompile, analyze, and visualize data using a data visualization platform such as tableauhelp build data repositories and databases using ms access or other platforms.
working knowledge of data visualization platforms, tableau, and scripting languages, r, working familiarity with sql and familiarity with relational databasesadvanced skills in excel, access, and vbaexceptional analytic skillsstrong attention to detailstrong written and verbal communication skillsexperience working with immigrants, refugees, and underserved populations is preferred.
19wd35286position overviewautodesk’s customer experience, cx, analytics team is looking for a passionate and driven data analyst with proven experience driving organizational change through rigorous data analysis.
this role will perform deep data mining and statistical behavioral analysis of autodesk’s customer data and will partner with internal business stakeholders to refine key success measures and find insights to drive program efficiency.
join a dynamic team that is helping to transform business decisions and processes with actionable customer insights gained from meaningful research, analysis and measurement of the autodesk customer experience.
advanced experience with microsoft excel, pivot tables, advanced modeling, creating charts, graphs, and powerpointexperience with bi development and database systems such as powerbi, looker and tableauexperience with scripting languages such as r, python or equivalentproficiency using sql to query large data setsproficiency with google analytics and, or adobe analyticsexperience with amazon s3 and, or redshift2 years experienceno relocation providedthe ideal candidate.
extensive experience in roles combining data analysis, business intelligence, research and strategystrong problem-solving skills and sharp business judgmentdata-curious, interested in telling the story behind the datadetail-oriented, ensuring data accuracy and consistencyexceptional communication skills, attentive listener and compelling influenceropen to new ideas and respectful of differing opinions, perspectivesaddresses difficult problems head-on and challenges the status quocan adapt to change and is open to learning new skillsself-motivated and can work independently in a fast-paced environmenthighly collaborative and can work cross-functionally, while cultivating relationships with colleagues and stakeholderspassionate about improving the customer experience
strong written and verbal communication skills are required for success.
participating in requirement gathering sessions onsite at client offices or virtually via web conferencing, potential travel up to 30, documenting client requirementsconfiguring the dealcloud platform in response to requirementsanalyzing client legacy data sets to understand the impact of the data on system designworking with microsoft excel to map, collate, and normalize disparate data sets for import into dealcloudproviding consultative system design and industry best practice recommendations throughout a implementationholding both clients and internal team members accountable to project timelines and budgetsmanaging multiple client implementations concurrently.
organization, effective time management, and ability to multi-taskpassion for delivering high quality outcomesability to work under tight deadlinesexperience working as part of a team; 3-5 years previous work experience requiredlead client meetings and communicationsstrong analytical and creative problem-solving abilitiescomfort with microsoft excel, familiarity with basic excel functionsability to adapt to rapidly evolving situationsstrong sense of personal responsibility and ownership over your workwillingness and love of learning new technology, new processes and procedures, and new business models.
expertise in using excel to combine data, creating pivots, and producing charts.
the company is revolutionizing the aba space with cutting-edge solutions including precision teaching, clinical data collection, scheduling, billing, learning management, fully digital evidence-based programming and more.
bachelor’s degree required; concentration in accounting or finance strongly preferred 3+ years’ experience in a fpanda role; preferably with saas, cloud industry experience, or alternatively investment banking analyst experience experience working with bi tools to access different data sources such as erp, enterprise data warehouses, sql, data visualization systems, tableau, sisense, and business support systems, salesforce, netsuite, namely, experience building dashboards is preferredexceptional skills in ms excel and powerpoint a must, with ability to comfortably use pivot tables, macros, and importing, manipulating dataproficient in financial system and other database, strong ability in data mining and analyticshigh attention to detail with excellent analytic and research skillsstrong finance acumen and financial analysis skills – including being detail oriented and proficient in building and using complicated data sourcesproven ability to work with large amount of data from different sources, and provide meaningful insightsa highly motivated, proactive and collaborative work ethic, with the ability to independently move projects forwardpositive and upbeat personality to work in a dynamic environment with all levels of management and functions and to proactively anticipate and resolve potential issuesmultitasking skills, act with sense of urgency, ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.
develop methods to assist with the improvement of data collection.
supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
provide technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing.
• makes strategic recommendations on data collection, extraction, preparation, and integration all while maintaining data integrity.
• performs analysis, testing, and, or measurement in specialized area of expertise.
bachelors degree in computer science, information systems, cybersecurity, or other related technical discipline, plus 4 years of experience in technical data analysis with increasing responsibilities.
good working knowledge of statistical data analysis techniques, including sampling, descriptive statistics, regression.
experience with data analysis tools and languages, such as sql, spss, sas, r, advanced excel, or similar.
experience with data cleaning and preparation.
experience with visualization and dashboard techniques and tools, such as power bi, tableau, or similar.
basic understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms.
dns, and network security principles.
strong analytical skills and the ability to effectively research, write, communicate and brief to varying levels of audiences to include at the executive level.
software development experience in python, pandas, scikit-learn, experience with rapidminer or similar tools.
experience in natural language processing.
previous experience working within cross functional and interdisciplinary project teams.
security clearance.
we are looking for people who embody our values of fairness, integrity, and trust.
support project teams in getting data into our bi environment, domo.
create data transformations using tools embedded within our bi tool.
develop data strategies to maximize visualization performance.
demonstrated proficiency in oracle, pl sql, mysql, r programming, python, and redshift.
bi platform experience.
microsoft excel proficiency.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
design, architect, implement and deliver reporting and bi solutions to clients.
fluency in sql and development experience in at least one scripting language, python, perl, etc.
ability to work with client management and stakeholders to achieve successful project outcomes.
ability to understand and help develop strategic planning, vision for enterprise bi functions.
excellent interpersonal, teamwork, and communication skills.
experience managing aws s3 for data management.
experience with automating processes through scripting, python, arcpy, idl, etc.
data warehouse analystwhat
doesthe data warehouse analyst workday look like.
identify, create and facilitate process design by conducting business and systems process analysis; focusing on quality improvement and data management ensuring reliability and validity of data.
write sql queries that will make our data evaluation process more flexible or scalable across data sets.
research data issues in financial data warehouse and communicate the result of that research to stakeholders.
load externally sourced data to our financial data warehouse for posting to the general ledger monthly.
strong sql and excel skills with the ability to learn other analytics tools.
structured data analysis and data requirements development experience is required.
bachelor’s degree in business, computer science, mathematics, and statistics, or equivalent work experience.
data analysis: 3+ years, required, 2+ years’ experience with sql databases.
familiarity with agile and scrum methodologies.
listen, respond to, delight, and earn our community’s trust every day by building the connective tissue that brings them togethermanage all communications on internal and external platforms for the analytics community document accountability of roles in our community through a “virtual” organization hierarchy, chart, to include key leadership and the responsibilities of their teamsconnect our equinix analytics community through an advisor role for inter-department communication and for individuals of various backgrounds and organizational levelsfacilitate key project and program success through creation of forums and townhall sessions, both recurring and as needed, to include agenda and logistics.
oversee research and article curation by a small team of associates for consumption of internal and external data and analytics stakeholdersdraft communications for updates regarding our analytics data products as well as adhoc communications requests from dna and executive leadership.
training - research into and procurement of training materials as well as execution of trainings for our department and our community, whether personally or through vendor training, work with sr program manager and hr to track and formalize employee development opportunities within dna and our analytics communityassist leaders in tracking high potential talent within our organizations, facilitate rotational programs, and bridge cross training opportunities to further engagement and growth.
bachelors degree with 1+ years experience preferred in communications, public relations, marketing, or analytics field, but may be substituted by a diverse portfolio of communications experience and strong business acumenexpertise writing and curating audience-specific content that demonstrates an understanding of positioning and stakeholder needsintermediate knowledge of ms excel, ms powerpoint, and ability to share a vision through those presentation
a blend of strong verbal and written communication skills to effectively convey information to a global group of stakeholders, with a focus on technology and analyticsa high level of empathy and the ability to vary styles of interaction to match the needs of a variety of temperaments and personalitiesability to create strong relationships while being an influencer of people and strategyability to multitask, be adaptive, with a desire to be best in class by going the “extra mile.
develop data visualizations and dashboards in tableau, powerbi, businessobjects, or other comparable tools.
familiar with databases, data architecture and data modeling concepts and methodologies, kimball vs. inman; relational vs. dimensional models.
understand concepts of master data management.
proficient with business intelligence, data visualization tools, such as tableau, cognos, power bi, etc.
develop complex sql queries and reports.
strong microsoft excel skills, including pivot tables, odbc or other direct connections to data warehouses, macros, conditional formatting, complex formulas.
excellent verbal and written communication skills required.
experience with sql is required.
in addition, r, python and visual basic knowledge is a plusbachelor’s degree in a related field required.
your experience should include solving problems analytically using quantitative approaches such as regression, making dashboards and working with data stored in relational databases.
know the sql programming language.
you will need experience using sql to extract data from relational databases, including the use of inner and outer table joins as well as know how to create views.
demonstrated strong analytical skills and knowledge of statistics.
candidates should have experience with linear regression, using ratios for analysis, calculating and interpreting correlations and using visualizations to explore data.
outstanding communication skills.
working knowledge of advanced excel functions up to and including vba, macro programming.
knowledge or demonstrated ability to learn microsoft power bi, including dax formulas as necessary.
working knowledge of the r programming language.
were not venture capitalists were a collaborative team of engineers, analysts, and entrepreneurs using innovative tools, big data, and intellectual curiosity to build a platform that spins up successful online businesses, fast.
your expertise, ideas, and hard work will have a direct and immediate impact on the success of your project.
a bachelors degree in a field that requires deep analytical thinking and problem solving.
many of us have math, econ, engineering, or comp sci backgrounds, but applications from all quantitative fields are welcome.
articulate: clearly states project missions, update, decisions, and rationales verbally and in writing.
what happens or doesnt happen within your project is your responsibility.
project-based.
and ad-hoc data analysis and reporting requests.
with data governance initiatives, identifying and documenting key data elements.
data quality control checks and validation processes on housed data.
quality standards required for effective database management.
data analysis in support of strategic initiatives.
years of experience developing in sql, c, or python.
years of experience with database management and analysis, data profiling, data.
architecture, data governance.
3 years of experience working with data visualization tools, powerbi.
tableau, qlik, etc.
communication skills, both verbal and written.
perform data analysis on file submissions coming from institutions and other clearinghouse data providers to ensure data quality and data integrity.
analyze how data intake specifications impact data quality and data reporting.
work with business areas of the clearinghouse to identify and define business requirements for updating data intake specifications, data quality frameworks, or reporting to improve data integrity.
interact with and be a data analyst user of a master data management tool for the resolution of data exceptions, data quality issues, or longitudinal data integrity issues.
define, track, and report on metrics related to data quality across the enterprise.
participate and provide input to the data governance council on data quality and data integrity issues.
provide recommendations on business process improvements or software application enhancements to increase overall data quality.
provide feedback and guidance to external customers of the clearinghouse on data intake specification and data quality issues that may impact their reporting and data visualizations.
understand the business and be able to interact with senior and executive leaders by providing data analysis and data visualization reports or dashboards that can support data-driven business decisions.
utilize excel, sql, and bi tools and dashboards to perform data analysis work.
provide user acceptance testing support for data initiatives.
a bachelor’s degree in data science, math, finance, statistics, information management, computer science, engineering, economics or an equivalent field.
experience with alation, or other data catalogue tools, and with data visualization tools, tableau, obi ee, cognos, microstrategy, or microsoft power bi.
excellent communication, and presentation skills with the demonstrated ability to communicate across all levels of the organization and communicate technical terms to non-technical audiences.
fluency in sql.
programming knowledge in python or r. knowledge of master data management, mdm, tools.
we are looking for a web data analyst to assist with a 6-12+ month project with a client in san joserequired skills, experience : bs, ms in math, science, marketing, econometrics, computer science or other quantitative
3+ years in big data analytics.
deep knowledge of web data and proven record in experiment design, a, b test, as well as building engagement funnel, conversion funnel and other web engagement kpis.
proficiency in close loop data analytics - logic development, code execution, data visualization and storytelling.
ability to articulate optimization opportunities and translate business questions into appropriate statistical techniques.
significant experience working with big data, data mining and data modeling that translates into project development, execution and insights delivery.
demonstrated fluency in working in multi system tracking environment and ability to derive insights based on data collection from different sources.
outstanding skills in data delivery technologies and tools not limited to tableau, excel, powerpoint, keynote.
fluency in sql, big data applications, cli commands, scripting languages such as python, r, statistical applications and data visualization tools, tableau, power bi or clickview, passion for data discovery and striving for accuracy.
performs sql data analysis and rule recommendations.
participates in planning, definition and testing of changes.
mine and clean data from multiple sources, then analyze results to identify trends and patterns in order to recommend and configure changes for crm application parameters leveraging excel or tools that support reviewing analytics and metrics.
support crm project initiatives by writing and reviewing business and design requirements, developing test cases, testing and implementation support.
ability to lead and facilitate presentations, beginnerability to multi task and prioritize, intermediateanalytical, advancedmathematical, intermediatemicrosoft office, intermediateoperate office equipment, intermediateproject management, leadership, beginnerstrategic thinker, beginnerwritten communication, intermediateverbal communication, intermediate. licenses and certificationsgeneral physical conditioncompliance statement
we are seeking a program, data analyst to join our project team in washington dc.
the program, data analyst supports the data collection and analysis efforts for monitoring the implementation of a government program with respect to the care and placement of participants in a network of grant funded care provider program.
work with contractor and federal staff to enhance the collection and analysis of program dataupdate and develop on site data collection tools and processes to yield statistically reliable and informative data and support field program assessmentsassist in identifying performance outcomes and indicatorsidentify uniform data points for analysisconduct high-level data interpretation and analysis using a data analytics platformprepare written summaries and presentations that reflect the results of the data analysis and present findings to agency leadershipprovide ad-hoc data reporting as neededoversee the quality and the production of analytical reports, including intakes and field reportinghelp train contractor and field staff on the use of data collection and analysis toolsassist with projects that support the continual improvement of data analysiscompile, analyze, and visualize data using a data visualization platform such as tableauhelp build data repositories and databases using ms access or other platforms.
working knowledge of data visualization platforms, tableau, and scripting languages, r, working familiarity with sql and familiarity with relational databasesadvanced skills in excel, access, and vbaexceptional analytic skillsstrong attention to detailstrong written and verbal communication skillsexperience working with immigrants, refugees, and underserved populations is preferred.
extract, transform, and load data from source systems into data warehouse.
visualization of data in reports and dashboards to communicate results to the business.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
create forecasting model to support fpanda processes.
masters degree in mathematics, statistics, or other quantitative discipline required.
experience with statistical computer languages, python, r etc, to manipulate and analyze large datasets.
experience with descriptive statistical analysis, predictive modeling experience preferred.
experience with databases, query languages, sql, and data modeling.
strong analytical skills and ability to meet project deadlines.
advanced excel skills, including vba is a plus.
additionally, the data analyst is able to create an infrastructure within the data warehouse that serves on-demand and ongoing data analysis and queries including agile access to structure and service a wide variety of requests to inform decisions and impact performance kpis within a short turnaround, days, - offering ease of access to support a fast-paced business.
support the vp, marketing and business leaders in annual sales, acquisition forecasting and budgeting process by supplying historical data, market analysis data insights and competitive data along with industry trend, data reports as input into production of annual forecasts for marketing spend, revenue, acquisition, churn, arpu and ltv calculation.
support development of detailed player performance dashboards, drive trend analysis and leverage a, b testing and structure read-outs to initiate correlation analysis via machine learning tools; identify behavioral profiles which correlate to ltv.
analyze marketing performance by channel including organic vs. paid acquisition volume, churn percentage, spend conversion, arpu, referral and ltv for optimization.
support analysis for the global marketing strategy based on segmentation and global channel optimization strategy including channel efficiency and pricing optimization.
experienced in data analysis for a competitive consumer industry.
expert knowledge in use of excel, sql, postgres and tools like tableau.
hands-on experience with creating sql queries, data modeling, dashboarding and reporting, involving very large datasets and multiple data sources, with ability to interpret data and produce meaningful insights and to build high-volume data-driven solutions.
experience automating analysis using analytics packages in languages like python.
ability to create models for testing data analytics and machine learning.
experience in data visualization and building scalable reporting tools.
experience establishing relationships across all levels of an organization and presenting to anyone from executive leadership to project teams.
system savvy, experience working with forecasting and reporting systems.
able to remain agile as requirements change throughout a project based on environmental factors or changing priorities inside the organization.
b. s. or b. a. in math, statistics, comp sci, engineering, or other quantitative field required; advanced degrees preferred.
$80m in funding- enterprise marketing technologythe senior data warehouse analyst is essential to drive data integrity, accuracy, completeness, and value of our business information.
document, distribute, and continually improve the overall use of data terminologymanage enhancement, project list to establish a roadmap and meet critical deadlines essential to the businessdevelop power bi and excel solutions that will provide answers to business leadership questionsconsistently researching and learning new abilities in the power bi ecosystem to enhance current and future solution
+ years of experience working with microsoft sql server analysis services and power biunderstanding of how to use a data warehouse to obtain data for power bi, excel solutions through analysis servicesstrong experience with visual studio to develop analysis services solutions and deployment of ssas models into azuredata gathering, reporting, and analytical thinking skillsability to work independently or within a team environmentdrive and desire to learn and grow quickly with the pace of microsoft product improvementsstrong interpersonal skillsintegrate in the news:integrate named top tech startup in phoenixintegrate acquires akkroointegrate acquires listenloopwhy four martech ceos bet big on integratetypical office environment: requires extensive sitting with periodic standing and walking.
·enterprise-wide transition to a unified and governed strategic bi platform.
·provide subject matter expertise on the data needs for project deliveries, scope, acceptance, installation and deployment.
·develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
·design and develop dashboards and reports to visualize analysis results using bi tools.
·contribute to the design, development and completion of project deliverables.
bachelors degree or equivalent in information technology, computer science, cis, engineering, or math.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with bi solutions, micro strategy, looker, tableau, databases, sql, programming, python, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience analyzing datasets.
ability to handle multiple tasks delivering under the agile methodology.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
defines business and legal reporting requirements through research, interpretation of regulations, and business unit requests to meet customer needs.
work in a team environment with actuarial, underwriting, it and digitalupdate, create and support cross-company actuarial databases and reports to provide executives, business leaders, actuaries and underwriters with key metrics to make important strategic decisionsidentify and gather relevant and quality data sources required to fully answer questions, address problems, and recommend strategy through testing or exploratory data analysis, eda, integrate, transform disparate data sources and determine the appropriate data hygiene techniques to applyfamiliarity with technical issues in statistical modeling and ability to adjust data to solve business problemswork with it and digital to create data, modeling environment that is efficient for analysissupport and execute a strategy for reporting, visualization for actuarialsupport other areas within argo as a knowledge resource on data sources, collection, and toolsresponsibility to keep up to date on new, updated tools in the big data environment.
bachelors degree in mathematics or statistics or in a related field of study2+ years of experience in an insurance data, reporting or actuarial roleactuarial exams a plusexperience with combining data sets from multiple sources and varying database typesability to be creative, flexible and to manage concurrent projects and reporting schedulesstrong programming skills – microsoft sql, oracle sql, r, python, etc.
experience with business intelligence reporting package such as business objects, cognos, tableau, qlikview or microsoft power bistrong communication skills with the ability to convey technical concepts to other functional areaspassion for finding streamlined and less complex solutions to data gathering, analysis and reporting.
we need to empower people across the business with information as well as supporting our entrepreneurial culture through building, testing and iterating hypotheses.
we have work to do to; establish a standard data model within a future proofed environment, continue to develop analytic tools across chosen bi software and to build analytical skills across the business.
database administration, process improvement.
requirement to support current monthly processes as required, including working in adaptive insights and tableau, essential skill requirement to develop system related knowledge of adaptive insights.
review current distribution of reports in excel and determine what can be simplified, automated in tableau.
strong knowledge of sql and sql databases advantageous.
strong leadership skills, planning, communication, relationship building, influencing.
expert experience with data visualization tools such as tableau or power bi.
demonstrate an analytical mindset, enjoy problem solving and understand how to ask the right questions to deliver solution focused outcomes.
• collaborate with insurance imos to set up data analysis and reporting standards to improve visibility of key performance metrics and risk factors.
• construct sql queries to gather large datasets on marketing revenue and effectiveness history to create insights on future marketing strategies and generate forecasts on marketing revenue.
• supervise data collection efforts by sales assistant and members of the diligence team as well as direct sales assistant by identifying viable leads in bankruptcy cases.
• bachelor’s degree or master’s degree in engineering, mathematics, statistics, economics, finance or other quantitative fields of study.
• strong quantitative and statistical skills in topics including regression analysis, statistical analysis, numerical analysis, etc.
• prior experience with programming languages especially sql, r, vba, python or matlab.
• expertise in microsoft excel and word.
1-3 years plus experience in working with sas, newave, everi compliance, sql server, actimize, mantis, or related systems required.
1-3 years plus experience in using automation systems to acquire data for analysis, metrics, reports, validation, and testing, within a casino environment, preferred.
that may ariseassist funding, finance, corporate legal, and servicing teams in researching and resolving issues related to ancillary products and data vendorsconduct user acceptance testing, uat, for new policies and processes for ancillary products and data vendorsupdate and maintain vendor status, contract status, and servicing vendor usage reportsrun ad hoc data reports and perform analysis for key business users.
perform data analysis to solve business problems and drive better decisionsdevelop and produce reports to measure the performance of processes and strategiesassist in projects and initiatives relating to ancillary products, including the formulation of requirements and performing uatmaintain accurate records of communications and agreements with vendorsremain compliant with our policies, processes and legal guidelines.
bachelor’s degree or higher, computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics, business analytics, etc. - preferred, experience in financial services analytics, or a combination of higher education and experience1+ years’
experience statistical programming, sas, spss, sql, python, r, etc, be able to communicate complex information to others in a way they can understandbe able to apply analytical skills to solve problems creativelywork onsite at the assigned credit acceptance work location.
generate and qa pristine datasets for ingestion into our ai platform for training and testing.
test and validate platform data and machine learning output for accuracy and coverage.
locate and define process improvement opportunities for data quality.
assist in projects supporting new data ingestion, data quality, and the everstring ai platform.
exceptional knowledge of excel and, or google sheets, pivot tables and advanced functions.
solid research and testing capabilities.
experience with standard visualization software packages, tableau, looker, powerbi, etc.
you excel at synthesize and communicate complex concepts and analyses in easy to understand ways.
find actionable strategic insights through funnels, cohort analyses, user segmentation, retention analyses and regression models to help us grow our products.
bachelors degree in computer science, math, economics, statistics, or other quantitative fields.
excellent communication and presentation skills:
strong understanding of statistical methods and applications, a, b testing, probability, regression.
at least 2 years of experience with sql, bigquery and mysql is a plus.
experience working with very large data sets and distributed computing, hive, hadoop, mapreduce.
familiarity with web analytics tools, google analytics, azure application insights.
experience with marketing analytics, attribution, forecasting.
familiarity with r or python is a plus.
our model is research-based, and we are invested in staying on the leading edge of treatment.
work with stakeholders in growth, marketing and product to understand data and make decisionsdevelop standardized dashboards and ad hoc reports to inform decision makingvalidate data and ensure that we make accurate decisionsdesign etls and data warehouse for efficiency and reusabilityoversees the design and structure of all intermediate computationsdevelops and oversees standard methods for combining multiple data streams, even when the data is incomplete or two streams
masters in statistics, math, computer science or other quantitative field, or equivalent experience, comfortable with experimental designknowledge of statisticssql skillsextremely attentive to detail, data accuracy, and quality of outputpythons skillexperience with a columnar db, redshift preferredexperience with mysqlmachine learning skills a plus5+ years of experience.
you are not considered an applicant until you have been contacted directly by a human resources representative requesting that you begin the designated application process, which may involve phone and, or in-person interview, s, job-related testing, and background checking.
develop queries in sas that create marketing campaigns to optimize profit and produce multi-channel campaign outputs.
monitor the quality of all data at both the project and output level for the database marketing team.
build business intelligence, reports and dashboards using software like sas, microsoft excel, vba, tableau, or sas visual analytics that include segment, campaign profitability and customer behavior or trends.
identify new business opportunities or potential risks based on data analysis on subject matters of various operations departments.
2+ years of experience with sas and, or sql and analyzing large datasets.
advanced proficiency in microsoft excel and word.
experience with data visualization, reporting and dash boarding tools such as sas visual analytics or tableau.
predictive modeling experience preferred.
excellent communication skills, both written and verbal.
ability to work with mathematical concepts such as probability and statistical inference.
sql developer and data analystargen corporation currently has an exciting opportunity for a sql developer and data analyst to join a growing, technology-focused and service-oriented team.
manages and analyzes end-to-end, the data inside of the data visualization tool, domo.
imports data into the data warehouse.
prepares data for visualization, builds visualizations and performs data analysis.
builds domo data flows using magic etl and redshift to create new data sets.
monitors data quality and integrity.
extensive experience writing sql queries and stored procedures.
must possess excellent problem solving skills, and the self-motivation to improve skills.
background with data mining and working with very large databases.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
r sch3 preferred.
build and maintain processes to track data and troubleshoot errors build and automate tools to surface key data to stakeholders across a broad range of data literacy levelsprovide ad hoc analysis and forecasting as needed across a diverse set of teams and needs to support existing customers, future sales, and strategic business decisionsevaluate reporting needs and work with key stakeholders to prioritize overall strategy of the data team in answering company goalsdata-driven, detail-oriented individual with excellent analysis and problem-solving abilitiesbachelor’s
degree in a quantitative field such as accounting, economics, engineering, finance, math, or statistics or equivalent coursework and work experience 2+ years of relevant industry experience
– you have delivered insights in a technical environment and are comfortable doing so again from day 1fluency in data analysis and data-driven problem solving; a track record of using data to communicate results to key stakeholdersexcellent verbal and written communication skills: the ability to present complex data in a digestible format to stakeholders of all data literacy levelsfluency with sql data manipulation and experience with building models in excelcomfortable creating dashboards in a bi framework such as tableau, looker, google data studio, or comparable toolsability to handle multiple projects simultaneously: superb time management and prioritization ability ability to work independently and autonomously, as well as part of a teamour core values: *dont be a jerk.
prepare project results or recommendations for a wide range of audiences using written reports and presentation exhibits, graphics.
design, implement, and maintain various databases as assigned; develop reporting capabilities and ensure data quality and documentation is adequate.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, economics or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience seven to ten years health data analysis, business analysis, software application, database design, and technical documentation experience, preferably in the health insurance industry.
knowledge of applied statistics knowledge of econometric modeling knowledge of marketing analytic principles and modeling experience utilizing competitive intelligence background in actuarial science experience with version control practices.
knowledge of claims processing and membership processing for all bcbsri lines of business knowledge of cpt-4 and icd-10 coding and covered benefits understanding of sas programming, spreadsheet, and database software and other application development tools knowledge of general mathematical principals working knowledge of business objects and windows understanding of micro and mainframe computer systems ability to mentor, coach and provide guidance to others expertise in javascript programming expertise in dhtml expertise with sas programming constructs.
expertise with sas metadata and server configuration.
expertise in ansi sql methods experience with transactional databases experience with third normal form database schema design.
ability to parse and decipher sas log output.
planning and forecasting.
participate as the marketing lead in the annual business forecasting process and on an ad hoc basis to understand the impact of new company initiatives.
bachelors degree in marketing, math, statistics, finance, or related analytical field.
strong sql skills, r or python a plus.
strong microsoft excel skills.
strong data presentation and visualization skills.
experience with statistical software, sas, spss, or open source equivalent, r, python, a plus.
working knowledge of html, css, javascript a plus.
communication and influencing.
carilion clinic - technology services group, tsg, is seeking a data analyst who can understand complex sql and has the ability to write sql code.
you will support tsg with variable tasks and data review processes to support business request for data from the data warehouse.
additionaly, you will be task with data mining the database, and determing the keys, mappings, and relation between the tables.
develops reference materials, application data relationship, bi data models, etc, for supported data processing technologies to be used for both online and in-person training of other technical staff with minimal supervision from supervisor and, or manager.
at carilion clinic, we help communities stay healthy and our region grow stronger through compassionate care, medical education and research, and neighborhood outreach.
minimum four years’ experience in working with enterprise data sources and bi tools in a financial or healthcare environment.
certified data management professional, cdmp.
data governance and stewardship professional, dgsp.
data profiling and data quality analysis experience preferred.
experience translating business needs into data architecture specifications.
may apply proven data management techniques, application development methodologies and other technologies to produce comprehensive prototype and production solutions.
solid knowledge of sql; able to work with, integrate and evaluate large and complex data sets.
maintain user security.
test updates to the system on a bi-monthly basis.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills with a customer service focus.
outstanding excel skills required, including pivot tables, vlookup’s, etc.
as a member of the data and analytics department, he, she will actively participate to the development of our new environment based on ms-sql, mds, tagetik and power bi technologies.
through a deep understanding of the business needs he, she will contribute to the data warehouse development.
they will interact with the data warehouse team during specifications, development and testing phases.
they will design new reports and dashboards in excel, ssrs and maintain the power bi report server.
also coach the local key users of each domain, sales, finance, hr etc, to use power bi desktop and mds and finally train and support the end users to the new system, s, system and interfaces support.
- make the power bi report server and mds available for all users,
- performs deep data analysis to help business owners validate data and reports.
- contribute with the bi manager and business owner, s, to the development of the functionalities.
ms-sql and power bi experience knowledge of data warehouses and timextender is a plus experience in sap, ecc, hcm and bw, and oracle systems
the ideal candidate will have experience with complex data mining, analysis and implementation.
primary purpose:in conjunction with the information security team, the information security data analyst is responsible for safeguarding organizational information assets through data analysis, and development and maintenance of metrics to measure the effectiveness of the information security function.
this position will produce reporting through data analysis to come up with actionable items to help management make informed data-based decisions.
essential duties and responsibilities:1. uses a combination of software tools, statistical analysis, critical thinking, programming and, or scripting, and web research to analyze large, complex sets of data related to information security data, including vulnerability and compliance scans.
3. extracts information security data from multiple sources and inspects, cleans and models the data to discover useful information for the department.
9. assists the information security team with implementing appropriate monitoring and testing to ensure the bank’s information security protocols are adhered to across the organization.
10. maintains information security documentation including procedures, processes and guidelines that are implemented to ensure the organization’s information security safety and soundness and compliance with all applicable banking regulations.
11. may assist in the creation and maintenance of information security procedures designed for business and technology units to establish and maintain a compliant, risk-focused information security platform.
12. has understanding of security solutions such as seim, ips, ids, end point security, network security, database security, firewalls, cloud proxy, network admission control and network segregation to identify security risks.
maintains ongoing communications with it peers to ensure enterprise-wide understanding of information security goals, to solicit feedback and to foster co-operation.
in concert with the information security team, ensures appropriate systems and controls exist to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of data residing on or transmitted to, from, through enterprise workstations, servers and other systems and in databases and other data repositories.
15. maintains current knowledge and understanding of the information security industry including awareness of new or revised security solutions, improved security processes and the development of new attacks and threat vectors.
in concert with the information security team, executes the deployment, integration and initial configuration of all new and enhanced information security solutions with it partners in accordance with standard best operating practices and the enterprise’s documented information security procedures.
has input on security policies, controls and cyber incident response planning.
chooses and recommends security products, as necessary.
•demonstrated ability to understand complex security issues.
•working knowledge of sql preferred.
•strong written, oral, and interpersonal communication skills.
•minimum 4 years of progressively responsible professional experience in an information technology environment with demonstrated experience core security concepts and data analysis.
•industry recognized infosec certifications such as comptia security, gsec, cissp: certified information systems security professional, cism: certified information security manager, strongly desired.
conduct research and analysis into the primary drivers of customer contacts.
excellent communication skills.
analytical and problem solving skills based on a data driven approach.
excellent knowledge of ms excel and power point.
sql, redshift and aurora, oracle dw, ms sql server, including some skill in data visualization in data visualization tools such as tableau.
inclined to learn data analysis tools and languages.
we dont tolerate bias, judgement or harassment.
develops and prepares reports to support iehp’s clinical and provider units utilizing available analytics and data mining tools, including but not limited to: microsoft applications, including ms access, sas, spss, crystal reports, system-specific reporting tools, medhok, crm, or other related reporting software.
exercises timely and accurate data mining techniques and develops new or modifies existing reports that ensure consistent conclusions to data analysis.
responsible for managing assigned projects and effectively communicating with the qs leadership team any project deadlines that may be in jeopardy of being met, well in advance of the due date.
ensure the privacy and security of phi, protected health information, as outlined in iehp’s policies and procedures relating to hipaa compliance.
data analysis, data presentation, spread sheet and database capabilities.
working knowledge of data analysis, study methodology, and preparing professional documents.
extensive knowledge of microsoft access, sas, ssrs or other statistical applications are essential.
proficiency in microsoft excel, word.
strong problem solving capability, excellent interpersonal, communication skills.
crmand data management analystcrmand data management analystessential dutiesand responsibilities:
it is essential for the individual to thrive in a collaborative, fast-paced environment, and to complete testing tasks on agreed schedules.
as an experienced agile and stlc professional, helps to define and continuously improve project testing discipline.
review and understand business requirements, functional specifications – epics, story card and acceptance criteriaresponsible to provide test estimates, review and update project test strategy, test plans across various projectsresponsible to create test cases including story card level, system level and end to end integration test casesexecute test cases and document results in appropriate toolidentify and create test data required for various phases of testingwill be responsible for mentoring new team members and is expected to operate in both a team and individual environmentmaintain standards, tools, techniques and processes applicable to testing, automation and documentation required by the quality analyst group.
proactively identify defects, log defects and track defects to closure, responsible to retest impacted test cases based on project requirements, analyzes impact to existing regression, automation suites and works other quality analysts, automation developers to ensure appropriate test cases are updated based on impact analysis.
works effectively and diligently on tcoe process, documentation, methodologies and testing techniques.
identify risks and communicate testing risks to test lead.
planning, estimating, and executing testing for large, complex multi-tier applicationsexperience in writing database queries using oracle and, or sql serverexperience in creating, executing and maintaining test plans, test scenarios, test cases and test scripts for data warehouse experience in validating batch process using etl and ensuring source to target data migration is successfulexperience in validating data integrity, understands data cleansing and data transformation from source to targetexperience in generating and validating power bi and ssrs reports establish and maintain traceability of requirements through test plans and casesexperience in tfs, vsts or equivalent tools for test case management and defect managementexperience in personal auto insurance domain is a plus experience in guidewire policycenter, billingcenter and claimcenter is a plus strong knowledge on software quality assurance methodologies and software testing
familiarity with performance and automated testing tools is a plusmust possess a team player attitude and be committed to promoting and fostering teamworkdetail-oriented with an emphasis on delivering accurate, high-quality assignments and projectsorganized and capable of prioritizing and managing multiple concurrent projects or initiativesrequires ability to understand existing business processes and suggest improvements where necessaryrequires ability to multi-task across multiple large, cross-departmental, complex projects and, or initiatives understanding priority and competing needs with minimal direction from management.
requires excellent verbal and written communication skills, people skills, coordination skillsadhere and contribute towards sdlc, stlc and agile maturity within the organizationexcellent analytical and problem-solving skills are needed to identify programming errors or inconsistencies.
leading long term projects to enhance the underlying data architecture work closely with our data engineering teams and other domain smes by providing requirements for new data acquisitionsbuild credit tools that leverages data from disparate systems delivering useful insights to the credit stakeholders.
familiarity with database such as oracle, ms sql.
redshift, snowflake.
demonstrated experience with the data mining tools such.
as python, r, sas and sqlexperience in data visualization such as tableau, power.
bi.
excellent communication, writing, presentation and.
analyze health management programs including: data collection, validation and outcome measurement.
create and generate reports through ms-excel, ms-access, and sql using business objects interface and direct links to core databases, ods, edw, produce reports for and interface with senior management and internal and external stakeholders.
sql experience sas experience.
sql experience sas experience.
performs acceptance testing of new reports, programs and models.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, actuarial science, statistics, computer science or related field3+ years of related experience or equivalent combination of education and experience.
knowledge of data mining tools and methods, sas, sql, including server reporting services, spss, tableau.
business sense, finance, accounting, economics, risk management, public health economics, social service research or epidemiology.
keen analytical and problem solving skillsflexible to coordinate complex activities that are often subject to rapid or extensive changes.
act as a product manager developing expertise and a vision in one or more domains of schooling data, producing brilliant dashboards and reports while striving for continuous, iterative improvement based on research and feedback from users.
serve as a steward of data integrity, applying rigorous standards for calculation of metrics and helping to drive adoption of data governance and data security best practices.
do the work of extracting, transforming and analyzing data with well-formed sql queries and data and scientific libraries.
can construct elegant sql queries and will keep profiling and optimizing them until they are as efficient as possible.
have familiarity with data warehouse technologies and best practices.
have experience with one or more data bi visualization tools, we are using sisense, and, or libraries such as d3.
have a high level of comfort using the python scientific and data libraries, particularly pandas, or strong familiarity with a comparable system like r, and a strong willingness to learn python, pandas.
possess top-notch communication skills that allow you to partner with a diverse set of stakeholders and present to executive audiences.
they will explore new ways to analyze data using statistical methods, machine learning and predictive models.
must have or be able to obtain and maintain a dod secret security clearance.
experience developing forecasting models using statistical software.
experience with data cleaning, model testing, results presentation and documentation.
experience using ms excel and ms access.
experience using python.
experience using sql or visual basic.
experience with data visualization tools such as tableau or qlik.
experience in budgeting or cost-analysis.
bs, ba degree in related field such as statistics, data analytics, operations research, economics, engineering, mathematics, business, etc, other education, commensurate experience and demonstrated ability of individual may be substituted.
we encourage and value diversity, creativity, open communication, and a shared sense of responsibility all while having fun.
you have worked for 1+ years in a data-driven analytics role using sql and python.
you have excellent communication skills.
you have experience developing dashboards in tableau.
using aws services, such as s3 and lambda.
experience with statistical analysis, sql, analyzing large data sets and health informatics.
passion for research and learning.
the candidate should have experience with health informatics as well as have expertise writing ad-hoc queries in sql.
a masters degree in health informatics, public health, statistics, computer science, or a related discipline is preferred.
experience using sas is preferred.
working with data visualization and analysis tools to build, publish and maintain data models leveraged in reporting and by business analysis.
working in a cross-functional team to define and clarify analytic requirements, develop implementation plans, and ensure data quality standards.
working as part of a senior it team to expand data sets, transform data, publish and present business intelligence, while following agile development methodology.
acting as a liaison between it, data governance and assurance and the analyst community.
* bachelor’s degree or equivalent in statistics, math, computer science, economics, or accounting.
understanding of data governance and data assurance; ability to follow firm standards and policies.
prior experience with powerbi and, or tableau.
advanced working knowledge of large data manipulation and data mining within an microsoft sql environment.
exceptional problem solving, technical and data analysis skills.
ability to work in a team environment that promotes collaboration, best practices, and follows agile development.
intermediate level proficiency with microsoft excel required, with microsoft access, sql or other database software experience recommended.
intermediate level proficiency with microsoft excel, required, with microsoft access, sql or other database software experience, recommended.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
hands-on experience with analysis of both short and long read sequencing data, illumina, pacbio, nanopore, for mutation analysis, genome mapping, expression profilinghands-on experience with bulk rnaseq, dna-seq, scrna-seq, and microrna-seq data analysisextensive experience developing ngs analysis workﬂows in bash, r, and python advanced programming experience on javascript, r-shiny and web-based applicationexperience in genomics data visualization toolssolid knowledge of statistics and machine learningexperience in network, pathway mapping and integration of orthogonal omics data setsunderstanding of sequencing protocols and applicationsdemonstrated ability to work collaboratively within cross-functional teamsexcellent interpersonal and communication skills;
data analyst - agile.
actively participate in the design, construction, qa, and, or implementation phases of the project.
may lead a project team.
2+ years experience in business analysis, project management, multiple technologies, frameworks, processes, application, etc.
agile experience preferred.
strong knowledge and experience querying and analyzing large data sets using microsoft sql, excel, and statistical analysis programs.
deep dive into large data sets to answer key business questions using sql, excel, and other data manipulation languages.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or related field
4+ years of professional experience in a business analytics, intelligence role utilizing enterprise databases with large-scale, complex data sets performing data mining and deep dive analysis.
strong statistics and analytical skills with demonstrated proficiency in sql and data visualization tools such as tableau and, or ms excel.
knowledge of data warehousing concepts and structures - ability to understand and handle data quality issues and respond to detailed queries.
strong communication and interpersonal skills to convey key insights from complex analysis and ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical teams.
detail-oriented with excellent project management and organizational skills; able to prioritize work and handle multiple tasks to ensure that complex projects are completed by deadline, with interim review steps incorporated.
strong verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills as well as the ability to work independently and as part of a team in a large global organization.
advanced level of proficiency in microsoft excel and possess the ability to quickly master internal systems and applications.
advance your career at liberty mutual insurance - a fortune 100 companythe uscm claims strategy, analytics, product and technology team is hiring for an analyst to support the centralized reporting group, focused on supporting the claims vendor excellence project.
masters or phd degree in engineering, mathematics, statistics, business administration, finance, or economics preferred.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
strong math, analytical, and problem-solving skills.
proficient in sas, excel and powerpoint.
power bi proficiency preferred.
support effort to stand up meaningful kpis for the life new business and underwriting department that follow smart criteria, with focus on communication as well as repeatable and standardized data collection with well-understood definitions support development of repeatable, analytical structure for data and analytics team production reports, focusing on actionable insights that tie in kpi trends support model building and maintenance related to underwriting functions build and maintain data visualization dashboards for the life new business and underwriting team collaborate with underwriting and business partners in support of company initiatives and, under general supervision, perform sensitivity analyses where appropriate to evaluate impact of options, paths summarize main actionable insights of data to leaders with clear, concise communication.
degree in mathematics, statistics, actuarial science, economics, finance, data science, or other related quantitative field 2-5 years experience in a quantitative, data analytics role, preferably at a life insurance company strong excel required; prior experience with vba and sql preferred prior experience using tableau, powerbi, adobe analytics, trackvia, or other business intelligence tools required prior modeling experience, mortality and, or risk-sensitivity, a plus strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills knowledge of fluidless and, or accelerated underwriting processes a plus positive attitude with an eagerness to learn ability to work in a team environment, juggle participation on multiple projects, and resolve conflicting priorities.
activities include but are not limited to data collection, data cleaning and preparation, manipulation with large data sets, processing the medication risk stratification using webservice and generating the report.
this person will work in collaboration with trhc’s sale and marketing department as well as scientists in the trhc scientific precision pharmacotherapy research and development institute, spprdi, to carry out quantitative analyses and participate in collaborative research projects.
identifies data quality issues or errors and verifies the results.
works with interdisciplinary teams of the randd institute including research data analysts and clinical scientists, software engineer.
maintains confidentiality and security with regard to data access.
bachelors degree in computer science, applied math, economics, engineering, epidemiology or related public health field or related experience.
experience using one or more of the following: sql, sas, matlab or python.
adept in basic data analysis using r, or proficient in other programming languages such as javascript.
understanding of general research objectives and overall research procedures.
familiarity with research databases, data management of large databases including, but not limited to: medicare databases from the cms, insurance claims databases from private insurance companies, public use data files.
ability to execute assigned project tasks within established schedule.
extract, process, and analyze vast amounts of data using technologies such as sql, tableau, and excel.
3+ years of experience in a quantitative field such as data analytics, science, computer science, statistics, mathematics, economics, or similar subjects.
proven track record of delivering value to organizations through data-driven research and analysis.
proficiency in sql and at least one data visualization tool, tableau, looker, etc.
capable of manipulating large datasets in excel.
experience extracting data from relational, postgresql, sql server, etc, and non-relational databases, snowflake, mongodb, etc.
if you have experience manipulating and analyzing data in python, pandas, numpy, etc.
top-tier communication skills.
bachelors degree in mis and, or cs. experience with tools such as sql, oracle and mongodb.
excellent verbal and written communication skill is a must.
u. s. citizenship status is required as this position will need a u. s. dod security clearance upon start date.
a minimum of 2, two, years of technical, engineering experience in systems, integration and verificationexperience with electronics, computers and mechanical systemsexperience with and understanding of troubleshooting and failure analysis processesexperience performing real time data collection, analysis, including telemetry.
able to perform successfully in an environment with frequent and direct interaction with customers and peersable to work well in diverse teams and have the ability to multi-taskable to travel to domestic field sites on occasionstrong analytical and problem solving skillscustomer oriented and results drivenbasic understanding and use of lab, field test equipmentexperience with verification and validation methods and associated activitiesable to create integration and verification strategies to support efficiency improvementsexcellent communication, oral and written, skillsunderstanding of failure review board, frb, process with respect to logistical and methodical failure isolation and dispositionexperience with test equipment and hardware integration, integration and test, data analysistechnical writing skills, test plans, test procedures, data analysis plans, test reports, knowledge of fracas, failure identification, characterization, resolution, familiarity with telemetry systems, architecture, data and telemetry database developmentworking knowledge of matlab or similar programming language.
minimum 1 year of experience working in a sql server management studio environmentworking knowledge of query-writing, stored procedures, and viewsstrong analytical skills and ability for problem-solvingdetail-oriented, organized, and self-motivated.
years of experienceability to meet or exceed key performance metricssuperior display of relevant competenciesknowledge of platform, technical expertisecomplexity of projects handled; ability to solve complex, escalated problemssuccessful execution of project responsibilities from start to finishscope of work performed ability to lead, mentor less experienced analysts on larger projects.
analyze the quality of clinical data from electronic health records and their conformance to national standards to elucidate areas of data quality improvement.
proficiency in sql.
strong communication, documentation, critical thinking, and analytical skills.
experience with national data standards such as hl7, as well as coding systems, loinc, icd-10. fluency in python, preferably pandas and numpy, knowledge of non-relational databases and, or knowledge of json.
preference given to candidates with a graduate degree in health informatics, public health, statistics, computer science.
serve as a leader in defining metric calculations; partner with bi engineers on development of self-serve dashboards to monitor kpis and success metrics.
surface insights and present results to business leaders using a variety of tools – tableau, looker, office suite slides, spreadsheets, etc.
preferably in a quantitative field like math, statistics or economics.
strong communication skills and the ability to explain complex analyses to both technical and non-technical audiences.
proficient to expert in sql and handling big data, experience with python or other scripting languages is a plus.
experience with bi tools, tableau, looker, qlikview, etc.
respond to internal and external inquiries for data wrangling, data analysis, data visualization, and statistical interpretation of research or assessment-specific results; advise users on conflicts and inappropriate data usage.
prepare memos, presentations, and research reports that communicate complex concepts, processes, and findings in clear and actionable language for the organization and the public more broadly.
analyze statistical and psychometric results to identify anomalies such as outliers, incorrect data reading layouts and scoring routings, misidentified scoring keys, item statistics, among others.
assist randm staff in research projects or other activities requiring data processing and analysis.
masters degree in computer science, statistics, psychology or education preferred.
knowledge and adherence to the principles and standards for educational and psychological testing and other applicable professional standards and practices.
demonstrated proficiency in scripting language, programming and database querying skills, python, r, sql, mysql.
strong skills in data wrangling, data visualization, data analysis, data interpretation, and report writing.
proven ability to analyze and propose solutions to business or research problems and communicate those solutions effectively.
excellent time management, organization, communication, and consultation skills.
data analyst, quantitative research education practice areahanover researchthe roleabout hanoverresponsibilities.
perform advanced statistical modeling and regression analysis on education related data.
design and develop customized quantitative research reports on various topics for education clients.
collaborate with content directors on defining project scopes for client deliverables.
analyze complex research requests to provide actionable recommendations and key findings.
train other team members in statistical and quantitative research methodologies.
serve as project lead for research associates, assisting with project design and development.
provide guidance and constructive feedback to peer research reports.
advanced knowledge of and ability to apply econometric and statistical methods to practical research problems.
high comfort level with statistical analysis software, particularly r and stata.
experience with other programming languages such as python, with database systems and sql, or with other analysis tools such as tableau and arcgis is a plus.
willingness and ability to pick up new quantitative skills and market research methodologies as necessary and apply them in new contexts.
high comfort level with microsoft office applications, such as ms word, ms excel, and ms power point.
demonstrable problem solving skills.
willingness to tackle complex, often unfamiliar research requests.
ability to collaborate and strategize with senior-level research directors.
excellent interpersonal and communication skills.
partnering with business leaders to launch new business initiatives, product developmentinstituting innovative reporting, analytics, and policy to influence behavior across the firmincorporating fpanda practices across modeling, engineering and corporate areas, cost optimization, resource allocations, etc, project lead on high exposure initiatives across the firm.
· bachelor’s degree in finance, computer science, engineering, mathematics or related field· ability to work with structured data.
· experience with programming languages, ex. python, sql.
· strong excel skills.
· excellent communication and presentation skillsyou will enjoy the following benefits.
identify and develop solutions to data security issues by working across tech teamseffectively.
communicate information security compliance status and progress to stakeholdersfoster.
closely with security operations in the identification, escalation, and.
resolution of all data security related incidentsaction remediation.
of privacy laws and regulations such as glba, gdpr, ccpa, etc.
delivering insight to key business function leads throughout the co-operative through a virtual data hub team putting forth cohesive business architecture story across various functions through design thinking.
experience working in cloud environment, azure preferred, aws and gcp experience is acceptable, strong understanding of sql and nosql databases, ability to query data from disparate data sources.
expertise in r, python and sql.
demonstrate ability to lead initiatives and work effectively with others within a complex, cross-functional and fast paced organization excellent communication.
ability to present ideas and insights to business stakeholders extensive experience with data visualization, preferably in powerbi cpg industry knowledge.
use nifi, scala, apache spark, or other tools, languages to cleanse and transform incoming data into normalized formats.
performing code reviews, unit and integration testing.
provide feedback and recommendations to improve software development processes.
deliver data quality reviews to clients.
proficient level in sql.
proficient in at least one of the following languages: scala, java, python, r, expert if no sql experience.
sql or nosql database experience such as mysql, postgres, cassandra, ms sqlserver, or oracle.
apache nifi, talend, ibm infosphere, tibco, pentaho, or informatica.
distributed hadoop-like technologies such as spark, storm and, or kafka.
tableau, qlikview, apache zeppelin, ipython or jupyter.
learn the apache tech stack and distributed computing.
this position is responsible for following all security policies and procedures in order to protect all phi under arcadias custodianship as well as arcadia intellectual properties.
for any security-specific roles, the responsibilities would be further defined by the hiring manager.
develops, maintains, or implements procedures for data entry, data cleaning, documentation and other administrative tasks.
9. may be involved in vendor credentialing processes identifies and recommends solutions to vendor data management issues and maintains a continuous improvement outlookskillseducation.
big data analytics.
research analysis.
database management system.
excel.
. apply specific subject matter knowledge to achieve project objectives and to contribute to impactful outcomes.
lead and contribute to planning and design of claims-based analytical research and studies.
developing technical products such as data analysis, data visualization, briefing papers, and strategic recommendations to support program development and strategic decision making for the advancement of health outcomes.
degree in a data related field, computer science, management science, information technology, statistics, public health, medicine or healthcare, healthcare policy, public policy, social science, economics, or related field with 5 or more years of experience.
basic advanced sas and procsql code development and data retrieval skills for operation in cms data environment.
proficiency in understanding and writing sql queries for data analysis and retrieval from other databases and system.
excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to clearly communicate analyses and findings to various stakeholders.
knowledge of additional analytical programming languages, r, python, experience with data visualization tools, tableau, experience with sas enterprise miner or other machine learning, artificial intelligent tools and programming languages.
programming expertise with scala, java, python etc.
experience with full scale cloud environments such as aws, azure etc.
strong sql knowledge, good communication, coordination skills.
knowledge of big data technologies such as spark, hadoop etc.
master’s degree in quantitative area preferred, data science, math, science.
3+ years’ experience in an analytical rolestrong organizational, time management, and presentation skillsdemonstrates a passion for breaking down and understanding complex systemsability to effectively communicate across business stakeholdersdegree in a quantitative field and 3+ years of experience in data analyticsstrong sql skills and knowledge of relational databasesexperience in python or other scripting languagesproficiency with business intelligence toolsstrong knowledge of etl processes.
collect, analyze, and evaluate data to track project performance and important developments.
proficiency in microsoft excel.
track record of effective verbal and written communication of complex concepts to colleagues with varying degrees of analytical knowledge and understanding.
desire to improve and expand analytical and data visualization skills.
sql, python, and, or tableau skills are preferred.
b. s. or b. a. in math, statistics, comp sci, engineering, or other quantitative field required; masters, mba or phd preferred3+ years of relevant work experience in data science or analytics role in a marketing analytics or a user acquisition analytics team familiar with mobile performance marketing and, or user acquisition landscapestrong experience in sql; proficient in python; adept in at least one visualization tool such as tableau, or qlikviewproven experience with some of the following: statistics, experimental design, machine learning, data mining, predictive modeling, deep learningexperience in analyzing large datasets, preferably in a hadoop or spark environment, and deploying production ready systems at scalestrong written and oral communication skillsability to work optimally in a fast-paced environment with changing prioritiesstrong passion for gaming and performance marketing.
intermediate or better in microsoft office, excel, and windows applications and have a deep understanding of web and networking technologies.
acts as a communication hub between internal engineering team and the customer to identify needs which are not being addressed.
assists in testing of new versions of product softwareproactively keeps customer informed of how and when problems are resolved with focus on retention and reference ability.
possess a customer service mindset to end usershave at least two, 2, years of experience providing technical support to end usersmust possess strong critical thinking, decision making, and problem solving skillsmust be able to deal with ambiguity and be able to “learn on the fly”command of the english language to be able to provide oral and written communication that effectively articulates complex ideas.
this person will develop forecasts from these insights and historical experience while running research using advanced analytical and experimental approaches.
evaluate, recommend, and develop statistical and machine learning solutions for a diverse range of credit risk and residual value project.
wrangle data from internal and industry sources to develop, leverage, and enhance analysis and predictive modeling.
masters or phd in statistics, economics, computer science or other quantitative degree, or an mba.
hands on experience with analytical tools, such as: python, numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, cart, stata, treenet, and, or jmp. sas and r experience.
proficiency in various statistical techniques, such as: logistic regression, time series, experimental design, generalized linear models, mixed modeling, multivariate statistics, large-scale predictive modeling, chaid, decision trees, neural networks, monte-carlo, survival analysis, and, or ensemble models.
hands on experience with analytical tools, such as: python, numpy, pandas, scikit-learn, cart, stata, treenet, and, or jmp.
create sql tables and other data infrastructure to organize key data related to particular business lines.
develop, maintain, and communicate reporting on business lines for senior leadership using tools like tableau, excel, and monthly presentations.
use sophisticated analytical techniques including regression analyses to diagnose anomalies in kpis.
create financial models in excel and scripting languages to evaluate and recommend adjustments to business strategy, and to generate business line forecasts.
automate finance and operational tasks using r, python, vba, and other tools.
ba, bs or ms in mathematics, statistics, computer science, physics, or engineering preferred; bs, ms in finance, economics, or business fields considered with adequate technical background.
advanced knowledge of excel.
proven experience working in sql.
exposure to at least one statistical programming language python, r, sas, matlab, etc.
knowledge of statistics and regression analysis.
the data intake specialist provides research assistance in addition to updating potential, eligible hscsn membership information.
research information for potential membership.
have good oral and written communication skills with attention to detail.
work closely with customer and internal teams to ensure timely completion of project milestones related to data requirements while handling multiple project priorities.
work diligently to help ensure overall data quality for customer accounts.
experience and understanding of data life cycle: data acquisition, data quality and data management.
hands-on experience with data aggregation techniques, data ingest, transformation, data analytics, machine learning.
ability to apply, modify, and formulate algorithms and processes to solve challenging problems.
identify data quality issues, root causes, and apply remediation.
write custom sql queries to extract data from internal databases.
write python or perl scripts to structure data into the desired format or to clean, parse data.
strong knowledge and experience in querying, manipulating and summarizing large amount of data through sql, in addition to experience in scripting languages such as r or python.
5+ years experience and proficiency in sql, oracle, db2, sql server.
5+ years experience with scripting, programming languages, perl, python, php, java etc.
1-2 years with etl tools, edi, datastage or mapreduce.
demonstrated partnering and communication skills.
1 year linux, unix with shell scripting.
8+ years experience and proficiency in sql, oracle, db2, sql server.
8+ years experience with scripting, programming languages, perl, python, java, php, etc.
data mapping experience with etl tools, edi, datastage or mapreduce.
1-2 years experience with data warehouse environments or bigdata.
analyze results and make data-driven recommendations for optimization of future campaigns; automate any best practices as standard processes.
bachelors degree in marketing, computer science, data management, or similar technical discipline.
2+ years of hands-on experience with reporting tools, i. e. tableau, domo, qlikview, etc.
awesome sql skills, you can write a 500-line query in your sleep while keeping query performance in mind.
experience with python, r and statistical modeling is a big plus.
familiarity with leading marketing technologies and tools such as google analytics, sitespect, data management platforms, etc.
excellent verbal and written communication skills with the ability to work cross-functionally across internal and external stakeholders.
project management.
provide leadership for data management and insights of the firms real estate portfolio, including tracking lease information, creating dashboards, and performing analyses.
data management.
create and maintain data standards and establish data quality requirements for the lease software.
at least 1 year of work experience, 3-5 years of experience preferred, in an analytical or business research related field such as accounting, finance, and economics.
proven data management capability and strong attention to detail.
bachelors degree in statistics, mathematics, economics or similar quantitative discipline.
sql experience and advanced excel skills required; python, r, powerbi preferred.
excellent verbal and written communication skills; ability to create an effective presentation to drive action.
basic understanding of agile methodology.
support more senior positions in their advocacy for the business clients in all phases of the solution development lifecycle for each of the critical stages, including: initiation, analysis, development, testing, implementation and post implementation follow up.
college degree with a concentration in management information systems, mathematics or computer science or 1-3 years general it experience experience with data modelingexperience with sql experience with cloud platforms such as azure or aws exposure to vsts, rally, trello or other backlog management and collaboration tools strong interpersonal skills, excellent written and verbal communication skills, demonstrated organization skills, and good critical thinking and decision-making skills extracurricular activities and leadership roles in their respective colleges, universities, or communities about equitable.
hands on data extraction and data analysis from internal and external systems.
develop, manage, and deploy data analysis and reports.
maintain and manage documentation of processes, archiving of completed work, and structures of file shares within bi. perform proof of concept development of reporting and analytics solutions.
oversee the development of all reporting, dashboards, views, from discovery through implementation, and ensures it is in alignment with bi data and reporting governance practices.
organize and facilitate meetings with business units and project team to identify and resolve issues, manage risks, and communicate project status.
experience in cloud data warehouses such as azure or aws.
proficiency in one or more coding languages including sql.
strong problem solving and analytical abilities along with the ability to interpret large amounts of data.
proficiency in hyperion, tableau, power bi, obiee, microstrategy and other such reporting applications.
deliver unique technology and business solutions to clients across industries, including; financial services, pharma and life sciences, manufacturing and utilitieswork closely with other consultants on customer site as a part of small to large size project teamsparticipate in team problem solving efforts and offer ideas to solve client issuesconduct requirements analysis, data analysis and create reportsassist in the customization and configuration of the solutionmaintain responsibility for completion and accuracy of work productsactively expand consulting skills and professional development through training courses, mentoring, and daily interaction with clientsobserve and foster best practices in business process design and implementationmaintain engagement utilization requirement.
+ years of erp techno-functional or functional experience, sap preferredproficient in ms sql, query skills, table structure and relational databases, experience with data quality analysis, statistical analysis and, or modelingexperience mining and analyzing transactional electronic data with competency in one or more of the following: sas, sql or other software toolsadvanced proficiency with ms office suite, specifically excel, office and wordexperience using collaboration tools such as skype, zoom, hangouts, slack etcproven experience effectively prioritizing workload to meet deadlines and work objectivesdemonstrated ability to present clearly, succinctly and in a manner that appeals to a wide audiencesuperior customer service skills, preferably demonstrated by experience working directly with customersability to adapt to changing environments and pick up new skills quicklyexcellent written and verbal communication skillsself-starter with the ability to self-motivate in fast paced environmentsstrong drive for achieving results under pressure.
generate reports from accumulated data using sql, excel, r, python and tableau, as well as defining automated procedures related to data collection.
formulate process improvement suggestions through ad hoc analyses and data mining.
bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, economics or related field, or equivalent experience with data analytics.
experience using sql to query for and to aggregate data.
ability to change directions quickly based on business, project, and team needs.
experience using descriptive and inferential statistics to analyze and present findings.
experience using visualization techniques for presenting data and analysis.
experience with big data software like hadoop.
experience with other business intelligence backend and analytics applications.
potential projects may include forecasting business performance, developing family driving profiles, and predicting customer lifetime value.
degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, operations research, or engineering, finance, business intelligence.
sql expertise - able to write structured and efficient queries on large datasets.
experience in scripting languages, like analysis and visualization libraries in python or r.
strong verbal, written communication skills and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business.
proficiency in building data visualizations and interactive dashboards with tools like tableau.
. apply specific subject matter knowledge to achieve project objectives and to contribute to impactful outcomes.
lead and contribute to planning and design of claims-based analytical research and studies.
developing technical products such as data analysis, data visualization, briefing papers, and strategic recommendations to support program development and strategic decision making for the advancement of health outcomes.
degree in a data related field, computer science, management science, information technology, statistics, public health, medicine or healthcare, healthcare policy, public policy, social science, economics, or related field with 5 or more years of experience.
basic advanced sas and procsql code development and data retrieval skills for operation in cms data environment.
proficiency in understanding and writing sql queries for data analysis and retrieval from other databases and system.
excellent written and oral communication skills, including the ability to clearly communicate analyses and findings to various stakeholders.
knowledge of additional analytical programming languages, r, python, experience with data visualization tools, tableau, experience with sas enterprise miner or other machine learning, artificial intelligent tools and programming languages.
maintain necessary processes, controls and procedures to ensure data accuracy and business functionality and comply with privacy and security policies and regulations.
research accounting guidance to support client services in responding to client questions.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
strong problem solving and math skills.
strong skills with excel such as vlookup, sumif, pivot tables, and ribbon utilization.
sql query writing skills.
processing and maintaining periodic reports of employee record datadeveloping reportspreparing, maintaining, and updating employee data for the hr information systempartnering with payroll and reporting to ensure all data within ultipro is accuratepartnering with team relations, benefits, and talent teams to ensure all team member data is collected and reported on with the most accurate informationworking in ultipro to process payroll, audit team member changes, run reports, and analyze dataanalyzing data in excel to format and provide actionable breakdowns for leadersauditing team member changes to ensure ultipro is up-to-date and all information reflects correctlycollaborating with multiple teams throughout the company on data or new enhancements that require information that is housed within our teambachelor’s degree ultipro knowledgepower bi, cognos bi knowledge preferred analytical mindsetstrong organization skillsadaptable to changehigh attention to detailonsite attendance is requiredunited shore is a diverse group of mortgage experts, sales superstars, tech gurus, marketing whizzes and more.
the data analyst as part of the office of data management assists with business administration and data quality functions, including providing support for analysis and research into agfirst’s data structure, developing and.
maintaining associated data quality rules.
identify, compare, and resolve data quality problems through data profiling and data discovery techniques.
evaluate datasets for quality and accuracy determine business impact level for data quality issues work with programmers to document and correct data quality errors determine root cause for data quality errors and make recommendations for long-term solutions.
research and determine scope and complexity of issues and recommend steps to appropriately resolve.
develop process improvements to enhance overall data quality and assist in developing and tracking data management metrics.
assist enterprise data director in driving office of data management initiatives.
ensure adherence to data quality standards identify internal data exceptions and action plan to resolve in a timely and accurate manner.
minimum of 3-5 years of experience in assisting enterprises with data quality initiatives that includes experience building and, or analyzing data structures, data rules, data lineage and monitoring data quality issues.
knowledgeable and experienced with data management processes, data quality, data owner or data stewardship.
experience and knowledge of data quality tools, such as alex, collibra, etc.
understanding of basic database structures and sql preferred experience with data governance and change management process strong analytical skills, self-starter and a strong attention to detail strong communication, collaboration and consulting skills, ability to communicate across all levels of the organization, including internal and external stakeholders.
experience with project management, including to manage daily data management operations tasks.
experience implementing data quality for a medium size commercial bank.
work directly with customer to exploit structured and unstructured data.
statistical and topic modeling.
front-end [windows]: web, bi clients, ms office, custom scripts.
back-end: web, aws, linux, sharepoint.
agile development of tools.
security clearance.
demonstrated expertise designing etl solutions using sap data services or informatica; performing custom coded etl programming using sql; performing capacity planning for database storage; and performing performance optimization of etl solutions.
demonstrated expertise designing data visualizations -- reports and dashboards -- using businessobjects, powerbi, tableau or obiee.
3+ years of experience driving analytics initiatives to impact a businesssolid mathematical or statistics backgroundexperience with sql, you’ll use it every day to get the data you need, experience with scripting languages like python and rexperience building and maintaining dashboards and reporting systemsability to translate data into actionable insightssupporting business decisions through ad hoc analysisextraordinary passion to solve problems, you’re not satisfied until it is solved and backed by data.
experience with data visualization tools like tableauexperience utilizing web analytics and google analytics tool setexperience with optimization testing.
using technology tools to automate audit testing and develop techniques for continuous auditing and analyzing large volumes of data.
for all greatamerica team members: honesty, integrity, customer oriented, accountability, tenacious, communication skills, oral and written, adaptability.
for this position: strong communication skills – both verbal and written, strong quantitative analytical and problem solving skills, detail-oriented, ability to see the big picture, think critically, and ability to get along well with others at all levels of the company, team player.
experience 2 - 3 years of relevant experience, advanced excel, technical and, or data analytics knowledge a plus.
a mixture of multidisciplinary skills, ranging from data analytics, accounting, internal controls, auditing techniques and communication, presentation is preferred.
advanced proficiency in excel, visual basic and pivot tables, with general knowledge of microsoft suite preferred.
data visualization experience with tools such as tableau is a plus.
experience acquiring data via sql routines is a plus.
good interpersonal and communication skills, both written and verbal, ability and willingness to travel which is only occasional.
help create and drive implementation of communication plans for data policies, rules, and standardscollect, manipulate and analyze healthcare-related dataconsolidate domain level data quality metrics for data governance council reviewprovide guidance to project teams around metrics requirements and tracking to monitor data quality effortsuse of quality and performance metric tracking toolsconduct the update of data dictionary and maintain metadatahelp implement corrective actions to resolve data quality problemsidentify process improvement opportunitiescommunicate and enforce data policies, rules, and standardsparticipate in identifying and proposing solutions to data quality issues.
calculate, review, influence and make recommendations on creative solutions to internal customer needstake independent initiative to research and understand data issues.
strong understanding of data governance principles and procedures.
proficiency with pc applications for data analysis.
strong communication skills, including the ability to effectively present to internal audiences of varying levels within the organization.
develop reports using complex sql.
create well-designed tableau visualizations and, or python programs.
create tableau dashboards communicating a wide variety of surgery metrics.
use python to automatically email msk physicians a reminder if they have patients scheduled to be released from the hospital that day.
expertise with sql.
significant experience with python and, or tableau, at least one required.
terrific customer service and communication skills working with staff from all facets of the organization.
experience with r is a plus.
must have good interpersonal and communication skills both verbal and written.
since this position is for a federal project, a candidate must possess us citizenship to obtain clearance.
a fair understanding of sql, python and r is a plus.
bi dashboards.
qlik or tableau.
excel.
advanced proficiency in microsoft word, excel, access, and powerpoint is required.
experience performing data extraction and analysis using coding languages such as sas, r, python, and, or sql is required.
employee must have experience demonstrating the utmost discretion and confidentiality as team member will have access to confidential information including, but not limited to: social security numbers, customer contact information, customer financial data, and organizational financial data.
must be highly proficient in sql, with strong knowledge of relational database principles, and experience analyzing large data sets, preferably in the healthcare industry, are required.
you should have strong communication, documentation, critical thinking, and analytical skills, and the ability to manage and develop key relationships with colleagues and clients through collaborative thinking and a strong customer focus.
experience with claims data including various lines of business, lob, extract, transform and load, etl, processes and master data management, mdm, concepts is preferred.
collaborate with data science on solving complex problems through machine learning.
derive meaningful insights from campaign performance reports and make optimization recommendations to the media team.
leverage various media tools to assist media buyers in collecting research data.
must have exceptional excel skills with advanced knowledge of formulas.
strong decision making and communication skills.
detail-oriented with solid math skills and a high level of accuracy.
exceptional excel skills with advanced knowledge of formulas.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience working with bi, crm tools.
experience with research and buying tools; specifically for digital and offline media.
data quality analyst.
good data analysis skills.
hands on experience with data profiling, dq scorecard and profile creation, identifying dq rules – informatica data quality analyst experience preferred.
good communication skills – ability to interact with business users to share data profiling results and get feedback.
implement innovative quantitative analyses, experiment with data enhancement techniques, and story tell through visualization tools.
degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or a related field.
1-2 years experience with sql and a programming language, e. g, python, r, working on extraction, transformation, and aggregation of data sets.
experience with text mining or data scraping.
the candidate will assist others within the solutions department in looking at their data to make informed business decisions, as well as assisting with data mining and management, evaluating trends and making recommendations for network improvement.
needs to have tangible experience with, tableau, excel, sql and ideally some experience with python.
making data interactive on tableau reporting tools to keep our visibility live and current.
have experience with sql language, tableau and excel.
education and, or experiencedegree from college or technical school which includes data management and analysis and a minimum of six months related experience and, or training or equivalent combination of education and experience directly related to data analysis.
supermicro® is a top tier provider of advanced server, storage, and networking solutions for data center, cloud computing, enterprise it, hadoop, big data, hyperscale, hpc and iot, embedded customers worldwide.
• collaborating with it and team leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance.
• training end users on new report and data collection system.
• bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science.
• expert with microsoft excel and various data entry and analytical tools.
conducts data architecture analysis and develops data flows aligned to enterprise architecture vision.
troubleshoots and problem-solves technical, data-related issues identified through requirements gathering, testing, and, or user-reported escalations.
the data analyst should have solid understanding of system development methodologies, familiarity with web services integrations and an excellent grasp of database concepts, data specification, data rules and data quality metrics.
you should have strong sql experience to analyze the issue thoroughly.
this person will have strong communication skills and the ability to lead projects from beginning to end.
project management, leadership, initiative and technical skills including some software development experience are integral.
acts as the liaison among professional services, customer success, external healthcare payer, carrier, customers, product and engineering teams, to thoroughly understand data quality requirements and the impact of high, low data quality and get customers launched on time and troubleshoot any open issues.
performs functional testing on assigned modules, tasks to ensure it meets data specifications.
conducts data architecture analysis and develops data flows aligned to enterprise data architecture vision.
troubleshoots and problem-solves technical, data-related issues identified through requirements gathering, testing, and, or user-reported escalations.
project timelines and scopes are being managed appropriately.
escalates as appropriate to the data management managers, engineering and product managers, implementation managers, account executives, and, or directors on any critical risks or issues thatmay negatively impact delivery of client requirements and, or client expectations.
strong sql experience is a must.
minimum of 5 years of sql experience.
experience with python or shell script is preferred.
experience with reporting tools like tableau is preferred.
strong verbal, written and interpersonal communication.
partnering with data engineering team to build the necessary data infrastructure needed to integrate tsheets.
build, maintain, and communicate detailed reporting, visualization, and dashboards to deliver business insights.
moderate level of proficiency in sql, or similar programming language, is a must; high level of proficiency is preferred.
experience developing visualization solutions in business intelligence tools; tableau experience is preferred.
good collaboration and communication skills.
create and manage reports and data assets in dashboarding tools like qlik, metabase, google sheets, google data studio, excel and develop presentations to keep the team apprised of key trends.
sql and database experience.
front-end qlik, birst or tableau dashboard development.
excellent communication and project management skills.
proficiency with r or python a plus.
participates in client implementation tasks and partners across practices to facilitate end-to-end data integration activities including data collection, validation and cleansing, integration, and reporting, and related ongoing maintenance activities.
supports sullivancotter’s compensation data acquisition governance process and maintaining integrity of data.
participates in the application design, architecture and functional specification for technology solutions.
participates in qa testing, user acceptance testing, internal and external training.
experience and knowledge of hr programs, processes, hr data management, workforce planning and career frameworks.
understanding, sensitivity, and constant commitment to the strict confidentiality and security of client data.
ability to use excel and be able to write complex functions such as: pivot tables, lookup formulas, vlookup, hlookup, logical formulas, or, if, and, iserror, conditional formatting, and numerous other excel functions.
ability to summarize data for stakeholders in a simple and concise manner through visualization software.
strong analytical skills, including demonstrated data analysis and interpretation skills.
self-starter with demonstrated ability to successfully assist with complex project deliverables in a very driven and changing organization.
javascript, html, css, jinja.
postgres, redshift.
python, django.
excellent stakeholder management and communication skills while working with technical and non-technical audiences.
high standards for code quality, testing and performance.
about the opportunity:works with enterprise company data located in sap, kronos, teamcenter, catia, sharepoint, ms project server and intranet to support the development of business metrics and generate recurring reports to support business decisions.
business ba, production, industrial engineer bs or operational research bs0-3 years working with business analytics is preferred
experience with all-source data analysis to perform technical targeting analytic support in the intelligence community.
developing and using computer languages, python, r, pig, java, c, sql, ecl, to perform large scale parallel processing of data, and to develop, validate, and use methodologies to support analytic requirements in clustered computing environments.
knowledge of sql and databases.
experience developing custom algorithms to support analytic requirements against massive data stores.
security clearance.
active ts, sci poly security clearance required.
ability to quickly learn the basics of unfamiliar specialized systems and software platformsability to approach challenges as a systems thinker: a determined problem-solver with ability to create and innovate scalable solutions on the go, sometimes with limited time and resourcesexperience using spreadsheets to analyze data and improve data managementfamiliarity with core google apps, including: sheets, slides, docs, and drivecollaborative working style with a strong drive to learn and share knowledgehighly self-motivated and directed, with excellent attention to detailexcellent communicator with the ability to explain complex, technical ideas to a non-technical audienceability to use quantitative methods for research and problem solving.
experience working in schools, k-12 education, highly preferred, experience with any of our core systems such as powerschool, deanslist, clever, illuminate, whetstone or surveygizmoexperience with tableau, or other data visualization tools, or sql, or other languages such as python, bigquery, etc, experience with project management support and software such as asana or zendeskunderstanding of the structure of relational databases.
manage, maintain and optimize our core student and staff information systems to ensure daily operations are running efficiently across powerschool, deanslist, illuminate, clever, surveygizmo, whetstone, among otherssupport and coordinate troubleshooting for school leaders, teachers and staff across data systems, applications and reporting requestsdevelop and execute high-quality trainings to drive adoption of new technology, applications or protocols that improve how staff utilize and manage dataperform ad-hoc analyses and develop reports across student, staff and compliance projectswrite documentation for systems, processes, and data toolscoordinate project design and implementations between data, teaching and learning, technology, school ops and leadership teamslead coordination between regional student information point people and central data teamsupport various staff performance management systemslearn new software, how to build dashboards using tableau and query data from a sql data warehouse.
perform data validation testing for systems implementation projects to ensure the quality of project deliverables.
perform data analysis and cleansing activitiesassist in the development and implementation of data management toolssupport sr. data governance specialist with analysis, documentation, and development of tools and procedures to support data governance and quality processes.
exceptional analytical skills with respect to data and data management with the ability to apply them to systems issues and products as required.
demonstrated project management skills and project management software skills, including planning, organizing, and managing resources.
understanding of application development and software development life cycle concepts, kanban and agile a plus.
extensive experience with sql and r. ux design experience a plus.
excellent listening, interpersonal, written, and oral communication skills.
experience using microsoft office programs such as word and excelexperience using jmp or minitab a plusknowledge of gmp quality system, e. g veeva, strong computer, scientific, and organizational skillsexcellent communication, oral and written, and attention to detailstrong analytical skillswith the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
in addition to technical data concepts, the hda i must have an understanding of medical and economic factors, drivers of medical costs and utilization, and familiarity with data architecture for health care reporting.
develops and prepares reports to support the department in healthcare data analyses, utilizing available tools, including but not limited to microsoft office suite, ssrs, sas, power bi, iehp system-specific bi reporting tools, or other related reporting.
exercises timely and accurate data mining techniques and develops new or modifies existing reports that ensure consistent conclusions to data analysis.
responsible for managing assigned projects and effectively communicating with the leadership team any project deadlines that may be in jeopardy of being met, well in advance of the due date.
working knowledge of data analysis, financial models, and preparing professional documents.
working knowledge of microsoft access, sql, sas, or other equiv.
data analysis, data presentation, spread sheet and database capabilities.
proficiency in microsoft excel, word and powerpoint.
excellent interpersonal, communication skills.
provide leadership on the bi team to mentor and guide other team membersconsult on and drive the creation of data projects and design of their executionperform advanced data mining, analysis, and interpretationpartner with the data warehouse team in gathering requirements, designing, testing, and supporting the development of data structures and the data warehousedesign and automate self-service reporting solutionstroubleshoot data mining, data integration, and data quality issueswork with business units to educate and improve understanding of data and analysisgather and consult on project requirements from stakeholderscreate and maintain consistency in reporting across the organizationdocument and adhere to standard analytics and reporting processeseducation and experience:excellent analytical and problem-solving skillsadvanced knowledge and use of sqlworking knowledge of data warehousing, relational databases, dimensional modeling methodologies, and data mining, analysisworking knowledge of reporting tools, like power bi, ssrs, and tableauworking knowledge of data visualization and ability to turn data into actionable storiesability to perform difficult analytical tasks without supervisionability to recognize problems and issues, and help develop and implement solutionsability to interface effectively with teammates and other business unitsability to handle multiple priorities and effectively meet deadlinesmust be committed to building and managing internal and external customer relationships to support communication and progress of company objectives by providing high levels of customer servicedata science, machine learning, and statistics knowledge is a plusbachelor’s degree or equivalent combination of education and experienceminimum 2 years of professional experience in business intelligence, data analysis, or data sciencedemonstrated senior leadershipvalues:respect and integrity …
in a technical discipline or equivalent experience is preferredmust have 10+ years’ experience in technology, with 5+ years supporting multiple data centers in a highly available configurationdemonstrated success in decision making, conflict resolution, communication and negotiation, influence skillsoutstanding customer service skills, as well as excellent verbal and written communications skillsdemonstrated ability to work independently and a willingness to lend a hand with any projectability to perform physical work like moving servers, server cabinets, racking and stacking networking equipment.
excellent knowledge of sql, excel.
inclined to learn data analysis tools and languages such as knime, r, sas etc.
conducting sql coding the etl activities to load customer lists into our crm and loyalty platforms.
publishing reports on the effectiveness of our marketing programs presenting reporting to internal and external stakeholders working with our technical and analytic teams to cleanse marketing data, add new data elements to the crm tools and provide data governance.
bachelors degree in computer science, business, or related field expert sql coding skills required three to five years as a data analyst, with marketing focus preferred ability to work effectively in a fast paced, high performance environment strong organizational and project management skills.
excellent microsoft powerpoint, excel and written and verbal communication skills team player that is results oriented.
complete pre-implementation requirements including model methodology documentation and impact analysis per fcc’s model governance documentation.
use data analytics, machine learning, and, or process automation to improve the efficiency and, or effectiveness of fcc’s transaction monitoring system.
2+ years of experience in sql.
experience with tableau.
development experience in a scripting language python, perl, etc.
experience using statistical tools, r, sas.
knowledge of quantitative research and data science techniques.
strong data interpretation, data visualization and presentation skills required.
strong verbal and written communication skills required.
strong problem solving and analytical skills required.
degree in computer science, math, physics, engineering, statistics, data science, economics or other technical field preferred.
need to have technical skills but also the communication skills to be able to work with the business.
uat testing, building dashboards in tableau and power bi and understanding database concept.
this person will work with the internal project team.
will get updates from them and translate that back to the data warehouse team.
we are continually focused on improving analytic approaches, predictive modeling and longer term projects to enhance player experience and improve the company’s bottom line.
we collaborate extensively with the jam city data science, analytics and platform teams - on projects ranging from machine learning to pipeline improvements to visualization.
so you can spend more time using machine learning to optimize product performance.
work with product managers and designers to provide analysis of player behavior and overall game performance using our top of the line data warehouse.
identify and drive analytics projects, data science, visualization, pipeline improvements, data democratization, ab test analysis, etc, that you want to work on that will provide positive roi for the studio and company.
collaborate on machine learning, other data science projects with other data scientists, analysts company wide to improve monetization and engagement.
knowledge of statistics and statistical models, linear, logistic regression, cluster, factor analysis.
expert knowledge of sql, excel and data visualization tools such as tableau.
strong communication skills to articulate quantitative analysis in a way that broad game teams and executives can understand.
any experience using python, r, scala, bigquery, databricks, bayesian statistics, machine learning a plus.
product management. were not talking about agile product owner nonsense.
we have our own unique flavor of agile.
a strong, proactive individual with a bias for action and a passion for solving complex problems.
review data quality to identify opportunities for improvement in our data capture processes.
provide data visualization and analysis support for the product management team.
4+ years of experience in data analysis and data engineering.
technical expertise regarding data models, data mining and segmentation techniques.
ability to write sql queries, proficiency in relational databases and experience in etl required.
strong microsoft excel skills, including using functions, formulas to manipulate data, such as v-lookup, pivot tables, error-checking, and macros, and developing properly formatted reports.
high level of familiarity and experience working with data analysis, visualization tools, especially tableau and looker.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets a plus.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
bachelors degree from an accredited university in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics required.
documents processes and procedures including distribution and updating practices monitors data collection activity ensuring readiness for requests and reporting demands conducts basic statistical analyses to frame the significance and meaning of analytic results supports the development of self-service data analysis skills for the hu community participates in the preparation of the university’s annual institutional effectiveness report including data interpretation prepares academic program review, apr, packets to provide program trend analysis as scheduled participates in monitoring data evidence and responding to ad hoc program and institutional analysis and reporting demands.
evidence of experience with higher education data reporting demands and practices maintains accuracy in procedures, analyzing, and reporting demands and practices possess technical skills required to extract and present data findings in written and oral formats working knowledge of microsoft suite tools bachelor’s degree in statistics, business, mathematics or a related field preferred experience is sql and a statistical package such as power bi or spss.
work as a key member of the bi team to support in-game analyses including review of events captured, troubleshooting data discrepancies, and anomalies.
work closely with the monetization team on continuous forecasting of various revenue models.
bachelors degree, advanced preferred, in a quantitative field such as statistics, math, economics or in computer science with modeling, data science coursework.
advanced sql skills.
familiarity with relational databases, ms sql, data transformation, data mining, and ad hoc analysis.
experience with statistical inference and advanced analytics techniques, a|b testing, anova, regression, decision trees etc.
understanding of basic data engineering principles like etl and data warehousing.
project manage ndc integration coordinating with product, tech and suppliers.
3 to 5 years of work experience with business intelligence or other data analysis roles.
strong experience with relational databases and querying such as microsoft sql server, oracle database, or mysql.
visualization tools such as power bi or tableau.
ms excel.
critical thinking and problem solving.
python or r. google bigquery.
attend customer-facing meetings and respond to questions, analysis requests using data analysis techniques.
communicate effectively across all parts of the organization to execute data migration and ensure the highest level of data quality.
develop testing procedures and acceptance criteria for database data to ensure technology implementations are correct and file quality meets acceptance criteria.
coordinate and resolve customer issues rooted in issues with data quality.
2-3 years experience in data analytics, statistics, business intelligence and, or data modeling.
minimum of 2 years data analytical skills including strong skills in data quality analysis.
exceptional written and oral communication skills.
good organization and project management skills.
february 6, 2020the institute for health metrics and evaluation, ihme, is an independent research center at the university of washington.
ihme carries out a range of projects within different research areas including: the global burden of diseases, injuries, and risk factors, gbd, ; future health scenarios; costs and cost effectiveness; local burden of disease; resource tracking; and impact evaluations.
a core research area for ihme is the global burden of diseases, injuries, and risk factors enterprise, gbd.
a data analyst on our team must develop an understanding of different research needs and analytic functions across multiple rgud projects.
the data analyst must be able to independently translate requests into actionable results through interactions with research databases, formulation of displays of results, and development of complex code to be applied to a variety of quantitative data.
the position calls for dexterity working with complex databases and the ability to assess, transform, and utilize quantitative data using multiple coding languages – stata, r, and python, with special emphasis on python.
additionally, this position will work alongside other data analysts on complementary projects and will require knowledge and skill sharing and collective problem solving.
overall, the data analyst will be a critical member of an agile, dynamic research team.
this position is contingent on project funding availability.
research command.
become familiar with substantive areas of expertise to understand the dimensions and uses of health data and the analytic underpinnings of different research streams.
create and document efficient, effective, and replicable methods for extracting data, developing code, organizing data sources, managing data quality, and explaining complex analytic processes.
data management and analytics.
maintain, update, and carry out routine but complex computational processes and statistical modeling that are central to generating estimates of key indicators.
demonstrated success in developing code in r, python, sql, or other coding language.
knowledge of python and the python data analysis library are especially important in this role.
interest in global health, population health, and, or ways in which quantitative research and data science can be used to create valuable global public good.
our data stack run on python, snowflake, spark, and airflow.
our web applications are built primarily using ruby, rails, javascript, vue.
collaborate with a team of product managers, analysts and other developers to define and complete data projects from data ingestion, to analysis to recommendations.
grow into a presentation, communication-focused role or dive deeper into more-involved technical challenges - the choice is yours.
working knowledge of statistics and visualization.
expert sql skills with proven ability to create and to evaluate complex sql statements involving numerous tables and complex relationships.
fluent in python and experience using common modules, numpy, pandas, statsmodels, matplotlib, for eda.
understanding of object oriented principles and testing as it relates to data and python.
comfortable with unix command line interface and standard programming tools, vim, emacs, git, etc.
excellent problem solving skills and a strong attention to detail.
experience with amazon web services products, ec2, s3, snowflake.
prior exposure to machine learning techniques, regressors, classifiers, etc.
experience leveraging apache spark to perform analyses or process data.
serve as a team subject matter expert in digital analytics, tag management solutions and e-commerce optimization testing tools.
utilize tools such as google analytics, bigquery, sql and powerbi to generate reports and visual dashboards.
manage a, b and multivariate testing tools, such as google optimize.
prior experience in one or more of the following preferred, web analytics, tag management solutions, sql, dashboard visualization and a, b testing.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
hold meetings on material master and item master data management.
assist with the mdm governance model, including documenting processes with identified data owners, master process owners and sap module owners.
work with it in unit test efforts and with business in regression test efforts.
provide qa function by reviewing, testing developer’s work.
guide users in integrated testing, conference room pilot activities and applications startup activities.
project management and control.
manage small projects, with responsibility for the quality and timeliness of project deliverables.
direct project resources and, or recommend and create internal development procedures and methodologies.
problem solving.
plays a key role in the order to cash team in the full project lifecycle, from the business blueprint of the project to post support.
experience in supporting all phases of sap project life cycle including blueprint, design, build, test, deployment and support.
experience in and data validations during testing and implementation.
experience with integration testing and implementation.
familiarity with sap architecture.
strong analytical, problem solving, and conceptual skills.
strong interpersonal skills; ability to work well on cross functional project teams.
own campaign performance and reporting insights while recommending opportunities for optimization.
work with clients to understand key business challenges and design analytic and testing plans to derive actionable intelligence.
work with clients and internal teams to create real-time brand optimization studies that align with campaign goals, but also create strong, clear signals that our models can use to optimize campaign delivery and performance.
determine set-up, including testing methodologies, reporting requirements, and optimization modeling requirements, for ensuring full impact and efficiency of optimization efforts.
communicate campaign optimization results to clients to prove value against original business goals.
extensive experience with sql and excel, pivot tables.
excellent presentation, visualization, storytelling skills with powerpoint.
professional oral and written communication skills.
bachelors degree in business, finance, economics, statistics, marketing or equivalent experience.
experience in a digital media, programmatic analytics roleexperience puling and putting together audience insights reportsexperience with vba, excel macros, tableau, python, sas or other data manipulation
role description, expectations*improved maintenance and reliability of rigs by using machine learning algorithms to analyze data from generators and hybrid power systems.
created a web page with where rigs can upload their data, convert multiple file types, and incorporated data visualization tool for easy data analysis.
determined the suitability of different cloud platforms, azure, aws, and google cloud.
proficient with python, sql, access, excel.
algorithms.
data analysis.
data visualization.
excel.
machine learning.
microsoft excel.
python.
sql.
visualization.
- accountable for the creation and ongoing maintenance of customer master data in sap and ancillary systems, integrated reference data, ird, salesforce, master data management, mdm, etc, to ensure the availability of timely, accurate, high quality customer master data.
- identify best practices and process improvements for data management based on investigation, analysis and solicited feedback.
- proactive problem solving skills with the ability to identify, analyze and interpret data.
- strong communication skills to interact with internal and external stakeholders.
- experience in erp data governance, data management or working with customer or supply chain data.
you have a passionate relationship with big data and, or data mining.
you have data manipulation skills and the ability to navigate relational databases via sql, nosql architectures, and flat log files alike.
you have expert knowledge of data presentation and visualization and experience in one or more of excel, tableau, periscope data, looker, d3, highcharts, or other data viz platforms.
your tool of choice is actually a hybrid of tools, anything from r to command line scripting to something analog and offline.
create internal logic and heuristics to improve product valueresearch new technologies in the iot worldsupport, assist and measure machine learning modelsbe acquainted and up-to-date with significant cyber attacks worldwideidentify data anomalies that may prove to be security risksproduce tailored reports for clientsenrich data and knowledge through external sourcesanalyze raw network data, packets, identify and fix data inconsistenciesdevelop expertise in one or more iot domains, healthcare, manufacturingautomate manual processes to improve work efficacy.
4-8 years of professional experience with extracting insights from data good familiarity with networks, networking concepts and traffic, osi model, etc, experience with cyber-security - big plusexperience with sql and nosql database technologies - advanced data retrieval queries experience with programming languages, python, - plusexperience with data visualization tools, tableau, qlik, powerbi, etc, - plusexcellent communication skills, oral and writtenanalytical mind and problem-solving aptitudeability to work independently and manage own scheduleautodidactism and eagerness to learn new things.
develop dashboards and reports using analytics tools such as power bi, tableau, and ms excel for various internal teams, cross-departmental and cross-geographical audiences, and management.
assist in implementing a central data warehousing strategy by interfacing with various teams to move data into a data warehouse, manage permissions, and identify relevant data relationships, mappings and transformations.
bachelors degree in business, information technology, finance, economics, mathematics, or statistics.
advanced ms excel skills and an aptitude for data and numbers.
ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and meet project deadlines.
experience with sql strongly desirable.
provides integration support as it relates to the companys data warehouse, including product performance metrics, managed care information, customer profile information for use in incentive payouts, targeting, segmentation, and field reporting.
monitor and execute needed weekly quality control checks for accurate and timely processing of data warehouse updates.
requirements. must have extensive experience with specialty pharma, sp, data packages and the pharmaceutical sales process must be organized and have the ability to present themselves to others competent in ms excel, powerpoint and access and familiar with data warehouse environments.
familiarity with nosql and sql and adept at manipulating and analyzing data through access and excel individual must work well in a dynamic environment and be able to recommend and implement process improvements and handle multiple projects simultaneously.
excellent written and communication skills and demonstrated leadership experience is required.
3-4 years of relevant experience in software development, preferably in distributed computing environments or big data platforms.
investing for the financial security of more than 632, 000 individuals and for the 1, 500 wisconsin employers who contribute on behalf of their employees swibs strong management of the wrs has helped fuel one of only a few fully funded public pension funds in the country.
about the teamthe data management division is a growing, client service-oriented team.
under the direction of the investment data manager, the investment data business systems analyst is responsible for implementation and management of swibs data management practices for securities and security related data enterpise wide.
as such, this role is responsible for working with different areas of the organization to ensure implementation of data governance principles, policies and standards.
the position is responsible for day-to-day investment data quality that is supported by a federated model comprised of business data owners and data stewards, business process staff, technology and third-party service providers.
the individual must be an advocate for data governance, develop and implement data quality processes and measurements, support the onboarding of new data and manage data vendors and data tools and systems.
the positions also provides technical expertise in and best practices for the design and implementation of data management technologies including preventive and detective controls, logging of exceptions, issue correlation and impact analysis.
establish ones self as swibs security data subject matter expert.
proactively govern agency wide security data to support realtime, daily, monthly and quarterly needs.
work with technology owners, business owners, and operations to research and implement new middle and back office solutions and identify the support needs of those solutions.
partner with others to perform functional testing of enhancements, changes to systems to validate data quality.
identify gaps in swibs data architecture and design.
research new investment management technologies to help drive swibs data capabilities forward and maintain a high degree of awareness of common industry specific trends, products, vendors and services.
7 plus years of investment management industry experience in data management, data quality, data architecture development or data science.
knowledgeable of investment management industry best practices including security mastering and modeling and data governance best practices.
data collection, trend analysis, data mining, preparation of final reports created in accordance with policy and omb guidance.
three, 3, or more years of business analysis experience with at least one year on-site supporting a federal clientfamiliarity with it products and services including it software inventory managementability to gather and consolidate information from multiple sources into clear and consistent documentationability to work with minimal supervision; this may involve identifying new opportunities to bring value to the client without directionexcellent communication, writing, and editing skillsproficient in excel, ability to build queries, perform data analysisfamiliarity with it products and services and it business languageexperience using microsoft office suite.
research data issues and drive detailed resolution, including technical approach, lower environment testing and production validation.
support master or reference data management processes.
partner with gfc dm governance and control and reporting teams with data issue communications, documentation and inquires.
support analysis, design, and testing of technical changes outside of production cycle, as needed.
7+ years in financial services industry with strong data analysis, testing and issues management experience.
advanced sql experience and understanding of relational databases.
advanced microsoft office suite software skills, excel, access, word, sharepoint, one note, project.
excellent written and oral communication skills at all levels, i. e. colleagues to senior management, and situations, i. e. one-on-one to presentations.
the mom project is helping to source candidates for the above client who is looking for a data analystcommitment level: 40 hours per week, on-sitethe business transformation department is dedicated to using analytic tools and processes to identify gaps and determine areas of improvement to deliver the best service and support.
the ideal candidate will be highly skilled in all aspects of data analytics, including mining, generation, and visualization.
build scripts that make the data evaluation process more flexible and scalable across data setseducation, experience and skills required:- bachelor’s degree in mathematics, information management, decision modeling, or statisticsmaster’s degree preferred- 3-5 years of working experience, preferably in financial services operations- technical expertise regarding data models, data mining, and data cleansing- adept at writing queries,
strong knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing data sets, excel, spss, sas etc, - highly experienced in data visualization software such as salesforce analytics, power bi or tableau and various database languages such as sql, r, or python-
possess excellent collaboration skills- proficiency with microsoft excel, visio, word and outlook-
possess excellent verbal and written communication skills-
experience creating workflows, and designing process improvement initiatives- ira, irs rules and regulations knowledge and experience- knowledge of process improvement methodologies, six sigma, continuous improvement, agile,
data management across multiple systems and business units, i. e. removing duplicates, standardizing data, and incorporating rules to eliminate incorrect data from entering the system.
collaborate with other data analysts and users to create, validate, and maintain data quality.
create and maintain documentation for data standards, master data, reference data, data quality, and integration rules.
develop data quality reports to monitor the health of the enterprises master data.
develop and produce reports utilizing our data warehouse and summarize your findings through visualizations.
ba, bs in business, statistics, computer sciences, engineering or associated discipline.
knowledgeable with large datasets, data management and relational database design and familiarity with data formats, table joins, and etl.
experience using analytical tools to support data analysis, reporting, and visualization.
advanced excel and powerpoint knowledge required.
sql and bi a plus, otbi, power bi, tableau, etc.
outstanding verbal, written communication, presentation, organizational and teamwork skills are required.
strong interpersonal, written and oral communication skills; excellent documentation skills.
bs or ba degree preferably in computer or security related field or any combination of equivalent education, experience, and formal training that allows you to meet the requirements of this jobexperience with dlp policy creation and maintenance in at least netskope or symantec dlpdemonstrated ability to design holistic dlp capability leveraging multiple technologies across endpoints, web traffic, and emailample knowledge of technology maintenance requirements for dlp solutionsstrong written and verbal communication skills to represent transunion’s dlp capabilities to stakeholders, provide direction to dlp team members, and engage with company employees on dlp escalationsability to build strong relationships with business and technology stakeholders, self-motivation, personal drive and high energy are highly valuable for this positionexperience of hybrid dlp solutions for network, endpoint, and data at restexperience utilizing splunk for data analytics and investigationspassionate about innovation and enjoys the challenges of creating something newstays current with evolving technologies via formal training and self-directed educationdesire and ability to integrate dlp capabilities into a comprehensive insider threat programany security related certification, s. we’d love to see.
cloud security and risk fundamentalssans
sec545: cloud security architecture and operationssans for578: cyber threat intelligencesans
the gitp dlp analyst will direct the development and utilization of casb salutations, pa for data loss preventioncollaborate with casb and other cloud technical support and cybersecurity engineers to best configure dlp tools in order to detect, monitor and prevent data lossconduct analysis, escalation, and assistance in remediation of critical information security incidentssupport all gitp analytic efforts in order to identify, monitor or remediate tactics, techniques, and procedures used by potential or actual insider threat as well as associates who unintentionally risk company internal data and information technologyprovide actionable insights, guidance and dlp subject matter expertise to the gitp director and ueab analytics leadcreate and maintain comprehensive dlp policy rules that broadly cover sensitive data as well risky behavior across the entire company, as well as specific rules to focus on unique data sets in each geographic location.
partner with project leadership to understand client business processes.
discover and understand individual sources of structured or unstructured data for the customer’s business process and how the data might change throughout the process.
participate in agile development activities to ensure quality, clarity, and transparency throughout delivery.
agile methodologies, scrum, xp, tools, jira, and artifacts, epics, user stories.
net, java, sql.
excellent communication and presentation skills, working with both client and technical teams.
actively influence product road maps to drive higher monetization and optimization.
drive the production of analytic capabilities in data management, modeling and algorithms.
bs in computer science, statistics, applied mathematics, engineering, ai, or related areaspreferred ms in one of the above disciplinesprevious 1-3 years’ experience in applying data and science to improve products and servicessolid and proven background in data mining, statistical analysis, segmentation and modelingability to grasp complex concepts and develop clear, concise, synthesized recommendations backed by data and analysesexperience in manipulating large data sets and analyzing them to identify actionable insightsunderstanding of programming languages like c, c, java and scripting languages like perl, pythonexperience in designing, executing and measuring a, b tests for optimization modelsexceptional collaborative, communication and presentation skills with the ability to work well across the organization driving overall shareholder valuestrong initiative, high energy, hands-on and impeccable integrity.
responsible for strategic management and execution of each phase in the project rolloutactively communicate with different teams to ensure all dependencies are tracked and risks are mitigated by each phase in the project.
support the development, implementation and continuous support of the people team’s tracking system, currently in excel, sharepoint, and implement best practices.
develop and maintain documentation, policies, procedures, and communication materials for the assigned project.
2+ years with analyst background with a role that was responsible for tracking completion rates, maintaining user records and dealing with large amounts of data in excel.
proficient in sql queries, expert in excel, experience with timeline and task
proficient in microsoft office suite, excel, word, outlook, visio, powerpoint, experience working with jira, confluence, trello, tableau, servicenow preferred.
strong interpersonal and communication skills, written, verbal, listening and presenting.
microsoft sql, microsoft excelmust be authorized to work in the united states.
work with integrity engineering and project managers to operationalize metrics and team goals to measure offerups effectiveness at combating integrity issues.
act as a mentor and tableau sme for other tableau users across the company.
5 or more years of hands-on experience working with database technologies like teradata, snowflake, rds as well as proven bi skills with tableau, including performance tuning, development of reports, dashboards, kpi scorecards, and aggregating data from multiple sources.
deep understanding of bi methodologies, data architecture principles, master data and metadata for complex business scenarios.
drive technical excellence in development and solution designs and provide technical guidance, direction and problem solving to team members.
drive effort to stand up meaningful kpis for the life new business and underwriting department that follow smart criteria, with focus on buy-in, communication, and explaining importance of data capabilities partner with team lead in development of repeatable, analytical structure for data and analytics team production reports, focusing on actionable insights that tie in kpi trends build and maintain data visualization dashboards and act as a key educational analytics resource for the life new business and underwriting team collaborate with underwriting and business partners in support of company initiatives, and perform sensitivity analyses where appropriate to evaluate impact of options, paths analyze trends in data and make actionable recommendations to leaders with clear, concise communication build risk and sensitivity models related to underwriting functions guide and train less senior team members.
degree in mathematics, statistics, actuarial science, economics, finance, data science, or other related quantitative field 7+ years experience with increasing responsibility in a quantitative, data analytics role, preferably at a life insurance company advanced excel, vba and sql required prior modeling experience required, mortality and, or risk-sensitivity a plus, including ability to effectively communicate business impact of results across various levels of the organization prior experience using tableau, powerbi, adobe analytics, trackvia, or other business intelligence tool preferred strong analytical, problem-solving, and communication skills knowledge of fluidless and, or accelerated underwriting processes a plus ability to work in a team environment, support multiple projects, and resolve conflicting priorities positive attitude with an eagerness to learn.
bachelors degree or the equivalent combination of education and relevant experience and -5+ years of total relevant work experiencetechnical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniquesstrong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks, knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc, strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyadept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsstrong written communication skillsevidenced success in process development and associated operational functionshighly self-motivated, willingness to take calculated risk.
prior work experience within the data domain areaexperience in data management for the financial services industryexperience with informatica data management solutionsexperience with salesforce crm systemexperience supporting data management for a global distribution and client service organization.
work with the product management, data engineering, and data science teams to make data-driven decisions about how to improve our ml algorithms and data.
design and build new dashboards using bi tools to make the insights you discover consumable and actionable to a broader audience.
quantify the impact of newly released features or ml model changes and identify opportunities for further improvement.
3+ years experience in data analysis or data science.
bachelors degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, or a related field.
strong proficiency in sql is required.
expertise with at least one business intelligence tool, tableau, looker, domo, power bi, data studio, etc.
machine learning experience is a plus.
database, ms excel, pivot tables, vlookupsposition description.
• support project execution activities and drive continuous improvement activities.
build and maintain a master udi compliance dataset tool to aid in future data analysis.
support project managers during project execution with various data related needs.
may be asked to manage project change controls utilizing baxters trackwise system.
• must possess strong knowledge of advanced ms excel functions and be proficient in other ms applications such as word, powerpoint, sharepoint, etc.
strong verbal and written communication skills, as well as collaboration and influencing skills.
• basic knowledge of project management practices is preferred.
your main weapons will be sql, dashboards, statistical techniques and a thorough understanding of our business.
the department is cross-functional, encompassing teams spanning product, engineering, data, design, research, marketing, operations and partnerships.
help drive go-to market strategy for all products in the us market, working closely with growth leads and product owners- drive local customer research to ensure we are solving real customer pain points and addressing their needs from the start- analyze, prioritize, optimize, and repeatwhat
strong sql skills, experience with analytical databases is a plus- data-driven storytelling and visualisation skills, with tools like tableau, powerbi, metabase ect, - attention to detail- experience coding in python is a plusperks and benefits• you’ll get to work in one of the hottest and fastest growing tech startups in the world right now•
analyzes and solves data problems and derives knowledge from data by employing expertise from different scientific disciplines including statistics, mathematics, pattern recognition, and appropriate subject matter expertise to inform policy and strategic decisions and business goals.
leverages strong communication and people skills to work closely with subject matter experts in various departments - collaborating on analytical projects and figuring out the right problems to solve.
experience - 2 years of experience typically gained through skills, knowledge, abilities in training in a quantitative discipline – mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, econometrics, or a related discipline similar certified online education or work experience will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
education - bachelors degree or equivalent in training in a quantitative discipline – mathematics, computer science, statistics, physics, econometrics, or a related discipline similar certified online education or work experience will be considered on a case-by-case basis.
deploy machine learning tactics like forecasting and classification to create high-impact analyses and insights.
a full-stack analyst with 2+ years of experience in data analysis, data engineering, data science, or analytical, quantitative roles in management consulting, finance, marketing, or operations.
strong sql, and yes, excel, skills.
familiarity with cloud data pipelines, dbt, fivetran, stitch, and other elt tools, modern data warehouses, redshift, bigquery, snowflake, etc, and visualization and business intelligence tools, looker, tableau, chartio, preferred.
utilize java programming expertise to develop, deploy, and maintain applications.
contribute to all stages of application development, from ui design to final testing.
support and participate in agile scrum environment.
must have an active secret security clearance.
strong understanding of java.
strong understanding of backend services.
understanding of denodo, hadoop.
strong sql skills with a desire to grow your technical skill set.
experience with bi tools such as looker, tableau, mode.
excellent communication skills, verbal and written, and ability to collaborate cross-functionally.
experience with python, r, or statistical techniques is a plus.
data profiling and research, etl qa, and reconciliation are all core features of this job.
·identify and manage data quality issues and help drive remediation and own the data quality process.
·sme to assist in ensuring data quality and integrity between applications and the data warehouse.
·provide support to reporting and compliance efforts through data research.
·monitor project progress by tracking activity, resolving problems, publishing progress reports, and recommending actions.
·very good sql skills and associated data analysis.
·5+ years’ experience as a data analyst or quality analyst in an information technology organization including experience with qa in a data warehouse or a similar environment where you.
owrote sql scripts to reconcile data between sources.
oprovided analysis around data quality issues or defects.
·knowledge of data quality programs and processes.
·some experience supporting users, data, of enterprise reporting tools such as powerbi, cognos or tableau.
coordinate with cross-functional teams to transform the association’s data into business information that helps departments fulfill strategic objectivesperform analysis and deliver results that help leaders make data-driven decisionscontribute to the design and management of the reporting environment, including the sourcing, cleansing, and maintenance of association data, functions, stored procedures, and modelshelp provide technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansingassist with refining existing reports and improving the quality control and distribution processescontribute to the development and revision of operational metrics and departmental kpi’srespond to periodic analytics requests from other departments throughout the organizationhelp facilitate a culture of data collaboration.
bs or ba with one to five years of related professional experiencedetail-oriented self-starter with initiative and follow-throughable to prioritize and complete multiple projects with varying degrees of complexity simultaneouslyable to understand business issues and interpret data in a way that provides actionable insightsproficient with sqldemonstrated knowledge of and experience with tableauexperience with analytics software such as spss, sas, or r a plus.
must possess a working knowledge of microsoft office applications to include excel, word, and power point.
experience in leading teams or projects and applying project management methods and techniques.
principles and methods for analysis, research and evaluation; including statistical analysis techniques.
best practices related to data collection, processing, modeling, management, analysis, stewardship and reporting; including relational database theory.
project management methods and techniques.
conducting studies by applying the principles and methods of data analysis, research and evaluation.
ensuring that data, analysis, and research are organized, documented, and communicated in a way that they can be understood, interpreted, and acted upon effectively.
communicating complex technical information effectively using verbal, written and visual communication skills including public speaking.
adapting communication style to various audiences.
the use of computers and a variety of software including excel, word, outlook and sql.
identifying opportunities for creative problem solving while staying within the parameters of good practice.
transit technology as a data source for transit planning analysis and research.
keen understanding of how the digital medium is consumed by the general population up-to-date knowledge of current digital marketing trends excellent interpersonal and communication skills deep experience and certified with google analytics deep experience with adobe analytics, site catalyst experience with other analytics platforms and best practices experience with leveraging analytics tools to improve site performance and, or digital marketing initiatives self-motivated people with the ability to juggle multiple projects ability to work effectively within a team to develop marketing solutions that emerge from a strategic foundation meticulous attention to detail and overall product quality confidence in presenting work and ability to interact comfortably with the team and clients ability to conceive and develop solutions individually as well as in a collaborative environment commitment not to just fulfilling an assignment, but in adding value, pushing the boundaries and creating work that makes a difference team player, those great personality types that people love to work with.
support economists’ current analysis and research projects by analyzing and modeling cross-sectional, time series and panel data with econometric, mathematical and statistical software packages.
program new procedures using statistical packages such as sas, r, stata, eviews, python and matlab.
this may involve assisting economists in monitoring and forecasting economic data.
conduct research under the guidance of the economists.
provide research assistance and advice to economists, including data retrieval and manipulation if necessary.
a bachelor’s degree with applicable work experience or a master’s degree in economics, statistics, applied math, computer science or a related discipline.
two years of experience programming in sas, stata, eviews, r, python or matlab, with an ability to learn and utilize the others.
an ability to evaluate calculation methods and write programs in sas, stata, eviews, r, and python.
knowledge of statistics and econometrics.
experience with modeling and analyzing large time series, cross section and, or panel datasets such as the current employment statistics, ces, quarterly census of employment and wages, qcew, current population survey, cps, or american community survey, acs.
as a company built on the foundation of privacy by design, for more than 20 years neustar’s unique capabilities have made us the leader in the field of responsible identity resolution.
neustar enables trusted connections between companies and people at the moments that matter most, with world-class and industry leading solutions in marketing, risk, communications, security and registry services.
you will develop expertise at the intersection of big data, marketing, and consulting.
our work is not just about delivering a project and moving on to the next challenge.
in our neustar proprietary analytics platform implement multi-touch attribution models, mta, and marketing mix models, mmm, that are based on statistics, econometrics, and, or machine learning techniques such as logistic regression, choice model, time-series model, panel data model, bayesian statistics, ridge regression, structural equations, probability theory, clustering algorithms, etc.
analyze big data sets to generate deep insights on paid media, organic media, market conditions, web navigations, and individuals’ propensities on multi-step conversion activities in the consumer journeys.
validate model results and package them into insightful client-friendly reports on roi analysis, forecasting, simulation and optimization.
familiarity or interest in data analytics and, or statistical concepts such as marketing mix modeling, digital attribution modeling, multivariate regression, time-series modeling, bayesian statistics, segmentation modeling, machine learning, data mining, simulation, optimization, forecasting, and roi analysisworking knowledge of excel, sql, r, and python or similarbachelor’s degree, required, with mathematical or engineering background:
statistics, data mining, operations research, econometrics, finance, engineering or similaran effective cross functional communicator in both written and verbal skillsability to manage multiple projects with a large cross-functional teamability and willingness to learn in a fast paced environment and adapt to the situation1 to 3 years of quantitative analytics experience with marketing metrics and tracking is helpful but not required.
create and manage reports and data assets in dashboarding tools like qlik, metabase, google sheets, google data studio, excel and develop presentations to keep the team apprised of key trends.
sql and database experience.
front-end qlik, birst or tableau dashboard development.
excellent communication and project management skills.
proficiency with r or python a plus.
youll be able to take customer requirements and translate them to details project plans.
interpret data, analyze results and provide ongoing reportsuse data to create models that depict trends in the customer base and the consumer population as a wholeown and maintain all dashboards, ongoing reporting reports, and ad hoc requests from the organizationidentify and recommend new ways to save money by streamlining business processeswork with management to prioritize business and information needsfocus on data quality and improving our data systemsqualifications:bachelors of science in mathematics or related field or business background 3+ years experience as a data analyst, business data analyst or data scientist experience using data to drive business outcomes adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings.
must have experience using sql to analyze and transform datapython, pandas, numpy, r, excel, googlesheet or other statistical software
packages a plusexperience in data visualizationadept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsbonus:etl and data pipeliningjavascript or any other programming languagemodeling, a, b test, forecasting, data mining and inference our valuesquality
were thoughtful about architecture and design and always focused on quality.
6 years of experience in statistical modeling, data mining, and data analysis.
6 years of experience with sql.
mba, masters degree or phd in statistics.
experience with programming in python or r. ability to translate analysis results into business recommendations.
demonstrated problem solving, analysis skills, and excellent business judgment.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
you will find ways to improve gtech product and service taxonomies based on data analysis in order to simplify and automate operations.
● identify, communicate, troubleshoot, and resolve data quality issues affecting fulfillment of business requirements.
● extract and communicate actionable intelligence from structured data in sql server as well as unstructured data using advanced data mining techniques.
● liaise with other departments to understand project requirements, guide and develop interdepartmental processes to improve data quality, and guide the appropriate and effective use of data to improve overall company performance.
● demonstrated experience writing t-sql queries, including ddl, dql, dml, and dcl, views, stored procedures, and functions to accomplish analytical tasks as well as troubleshoot and resolve issues in complex data flow processes.
● demonstrated experience in excel as well as tableau and, or microsoft powerbi to extract and.
bi deliverables including dashboards and visualizations to present.
● experience with data mining and visualization tools such as those found in r, python, and, or d3.
● experience with complex etl systems and processes including sql server integration services, ssis, transactional and data warehouse environments, basic knowledge of api integration, and.
pull course data and similar data from non-matriculated coursesorganize data and prepare analysisoffer insights on data results, including insights over timeassist in designing analyst pieces to achieve data evaluation goals set by supervisorsbrief supervisors on analysishelp with curriculum design change suggestions, modifications and new pieces, based on data analysis.
proactive problem-solvingworking in high-stress situationscommunications proficiencythoroughnessbusiness acumencollaboration skillscomputer skills including ms office suiteexperience with canvas preferredthree or more years of data analysis preferred.
analyze, interpret and present data using industry relevant software, i. e. alteryx, experian, axiom, tableau or other industry software.
experience executing corporate-wide initiatives: defined project plans, coordinated resources, managed implementation activities, and developed all processes associated with program rollout and ongoing support.
expert understanding of project management.
experience in access, excel with vba scripts, powerpoint, familiarty with business intelligence tools such as tableau, alteryx, experian and acxiom.
expert ability to work with word, excel, ms project and powerpoint.
ba or bs degree with emphasis in business, statistics, analytics or marketing.
masters degree in business, statistics, computer science or marketing preferred or equivalent professional experience.
3+ years of date analysis, predictive modeling, statistical modeling.
predict and understand consumer patterns through various mathematical instruments, regression and statistical analysis.
research and identify ways to build our brand and acquire new clients.
track advertising costs, research consumer behavior and explore market trends and opportunities.
conduct competitive research and analyze benchmarking data.
advanced experience in microsoft excel and powerpoint.
experience in tableau, google data studio, datorama, cognos or other bi tool.
superior verbal and written communication skills with the ability to translate rigorous mathematical concepts and considerations to non-experts.
working knowledge of sql, spss, python or other data-extraction and modeling tools a plus.
expertise in site tagging with the ability to write light javascript to capture the right data a big plus.
are you an excel ninja, app design geek, and master of analysis.
the neuroleadership institute, nli, is a think tank, consultancy, and educational organization dedicated to transforming leadership through the application of neuroscience and psychology research.
you’ll be building analysis and forecasting tools, and analyzing the following types of data.
you excel in excel, google sheets, and other apps.
building statistical and machine learning models, like time-series forecasting models, regressions, kmeans clustering, random forest, svm etc, to answer business and product challenges.
designing and reporting on a, b tests using rigorous hypothesis testing methods.
proficient with sql and statistical programming in either r or python.
knowledge of probability, statistical bias and inference, and how to calculate statistical power of an experiment.
knowledge of common statistical and machine learning models and how to apply them to real-world problems.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
ba or bs in statistics, math, computer science, physics or other technical related field; masters degree is preferred.
minimum of 2 years working experience in technical data analysis, data science, or data warehousing with proven business analysis experience.
demonstrated experience in at least one or more languages: r, python, c. net, javascript.
demonstrated experience with sql server.
advanced presentation, communication, verbal and written, and excel skills are required.
utilize sql, python, as well as hadoop, scala, spark, and many other tools for various projects.
participate in ongoing research and evaluation of new technologies.
1-3 years of professional experience in data analysis and problem solving with big data.
1-3 years of professional experience with sql, scala, aws, hive, spark, r and, or python, etc.
self-motivation and strong communication skills are both must havesyou will need to be comfortable working in a fast-paced work environment with shifting priorities, vague requirements, and rapid iterations.
excellent verbal, written and computer communication skills with strong analytical and troubleshooting skills.
measure and analyze data quality and performance within discovery.
work closely with engineering and information security teams to ensure proper access scopes.
execute analytics projects ranging from small to large either individually or as part of a project team.
ensure project delivery within the allocated timelines and priorities.
s degree in business, engineering, computer science, statistics, marketing, data analytics, mathematics or data science.
experience with data visualisation tools such as tableau and power bi.
amazon web services or similar cloud computing platform;project management;linux based command lines;script execution;tableau;sqlpython, or similar object-oriented scripting languages:
bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, healthcare administration or related field.
proficiency with database programming languages such as sql.
proficiency with powerbi, tableau for data manipulation.
experience with data visualization tools.
knowledge of data management applications.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
python, ml knowledge is good to have.
the portfolio is in search of an exceptional and highly capable data analyst to help build a central analytics platform for prestige brands and also perform data analysis.
build and maintain data warehouse using snowflake, sourcing data from a variety of data sources, across all eight prestige brands.
run complex sql queries to prepare the data for creating predictive models.
3+ years of experience in developing analytics, bi applications and analyzing data.
strong sql skills.
experience with microsoft sql server and snowflake.
extensive experience and expert level knowledge in tableau.
experience with other bi platforms a plus.
python, sql scripts or other etl tools.
sas or r skills required.
exceptional verbal, written, and visual communication skills.
structured approach to problem solving and exceptional analytical skills.
build cutting-edge ml models to solve complex technological problems for the companies in wilbur labs portfolio.
experience with data tools - sql, python; proficiency with spreadsheets.
track record of building and launching machine learning models as part of working products.
solid understanding of the a, b testing and experiment design both in theory and in practice.
a solid math and statistics background.
a masters degree, or higher, in a technical field, data science, statistics, operations research, math, computer science, physics.
understanding of bi, analytics tools, tableau, power bi, looker, sigma etc.
s, he will work with project managers to prepare and execute project plans and deployments while continually looking to improve operational efficiencies, controls, and stakeholder satisfaction.
• perform the change control ticketing process and coordinate with the infrastructure teams to support application upgrades, maintenance, due diligence across in multiple production and non-production environments, script and code deployments, restore, refresh, upgrade, deploy, configure, patch maintenance, • work with business users, off shore resources and vendor in the creation of test documents, software testing and rollout of application upgrades.
• assist users during user acceptance and disaster recovery testing by ensuring access set up and creating test data
• perform analysis and troubleshoot problems, and document these issues • assist pm, s, to help ensure project requirements, objectives are properly gathered, understood, and translated.
project plans.
software testing.
develop data models in our data warehouse that enable performant, intuitive analysis.
build data pipelines and python-based etl tools for getting, processing, and delivering data.
be the driving force behind the adoption and effective use of our bi tool within every team at credible.
proficiency in writing sql queries and using a bi tool.
experience using the command line and git.
strong grasp of statistics and experience conducting rigorous data analyses.
experience with a scripting language, preferably python, for data processing and analysis a plus.
proficiency in excel and and a strong familiarity with advanced functions.
3 years of experience building segmentation systems using unsupervised learning methods such as k-means, hierarchical clustering, gmm etc.
and strong proficiency in dimensionality reduction techniques using factor analyses, pca etc.
3 years of experience in stats and ml algorithms, glm, decision trees, boosting, bagging trees, svm, knowledge and experience working with first party or third party data, including area level data such as census data.
experience working with unstructured data.
prior experience working with and, or building segmentation platformsstrong data analysis, segmentation, demography and data visualization skillsprogramming experience with sql, python, r, spark or similar; sas experience is preferred.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, data quality, data and analytics, business, math or related field with 5+ years’ experience; or a master’s degree in similar field with 3+ years experienceexperience with data manipulation, reporting and data visualization tools such as python, sas, r, tableau, alteryx, lookerability to communicate detailed analysis using verbal descriptions, tables, graphs and charts.
solid background in data visualization tools, looker, tableau, d3.
including flow charting, project planning and project documentationquick learner with strong critical thinking skills.
knowledge of deep learning, neural network based on modeling frameworks a plusat least 3 year of experience in advanced analytics techniques in a consulting environment and not solely in an academic environmentdemonstrated knowledge of commercial segmentation systemspast experience building, implementing and maintaining a custom or commercial segmentation system.
familiarity with big data or cloud environments, aws, google cloud platform, azure etc, a plusknowledge of container based model deployment, docker, kubernetes, as plus.
ftescheduled bi-weekly hourswork shiftjob
do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or big data.
we are looking for a data expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the cloud and on-premise.
we are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients.
our data visualization practice is expanding and looking to develop in multiple us regions.
he, she will have experience in partial to full lifecycle enterprise data warehouse, edw, business intelligence, information delivery, and data analytics solution implementationsparticipates in requirements, gathering processes for data integration, data analytics and, or information delivery solutions produces source to target data mapping documents and will profile data as input to source to target transformation rulesprofile data as input to, source to target transformation rules produces and provides input towards reporting
+ years of experience in the industry and familiarity with various products and lines of businessability to develop complex sql in an oracle, netezza, sas, teradata and, or other mpp platform excellent written and oral communication skills, with a proven ability to distill complex business issues into easily understandable terms for a variety of audiences experience leading analysis activities on large software development and integration efforts hands-on experience with etl tools such as ab initio, informatica and datastage end user experience with informational delivery tools such as, cognos, microstrategy, tableau, and qlikview entrepreneurial spirit with the ability and willingness to engage in many different and simultaneous tasks desire to learn and mentor others via hands-on, apprenticeship model strong knowledge of data modeling concepts and the ability to read and analyze data models prior consulting experience as a member of small or large requirements teams, gathering and analyzing data and preparing for key status meetingssuperior analytical and problem-solving skills must be willing to travel up to 75% to the client site on a weekly basis.
we often could speak to a cfo or head of underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline – in terms they can understand – why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics.
if we step across to the devops lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about apache committers, osf, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more.
i have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but here’s a suggestion – if you love cloud computing for big data and, or advanced analytics, machine learning, etc we should talk.
assist in the development and implementation of databases, data collection systems, tools, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality, including identifying process improvements to better satisfy business needs.
ensure the accuracy and completeness of data by reviewing reports and performance indicators to identify and correct data collection issues.
design and produce accurate and effective statistical data visualization products and reports for a variety of audiences.
are you able to project management all the beautiful things.
we are seeking an experienced, senior level project manager in nyc.
in this position you’ll be responsible for project managing some of the most critical organization-wide initiatives and ideas.
you’ll be the person who “makes it happen, ” managing project pipelines, overseeing the full lifecycle of the initiatives.
you have the ability to manage multiple high priority projects simultaneously with many different stakeholders and you are a master at maintaining communication and momentum with all partners.
sets expectations with all stakeholders and drives communication throughout the process, outlining key deadlines and interdependencies, clarifying business requirements, and managing team expectations.
define the scope, timelines, and resources needed to meet the project objectives.
proactively identifies risks in project execution and mitigates risks effectively.
independently manages several high priority, high visibility projects that require meticulous attention to detail as well as the big picture of how the project fits into overall company strategy.
track ongoing costs throughout project lifecycle and ensure compliance where needed i. e. engagement contract or budget to initiate projects.
15+ years of project management or production experience in a digital or integrated agency or similar environment.
exceptional communication skills.
organizational and project management experience.
work in an agile environment, in constant iteration and problem solving mode.
performs analysis of findings and trends using statistical and, or financial analysis, process documentation, customer, demographic analysis, customer segmentation, customer attrition, customer satisfaction research and reporting, lead, list generation, direct mail campaign analysis, etc.
strong powerpoint, visio, word, and excel skills.
strong oral and written communication skills.
build a holistic understanding of our product features, its customer, data infrastructure, product and business goalsanalyze complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from varying sources using a variety of tools and data analysis techniquesdevelop analytical data sets in azure or internal big data environments which can be used to for analytics and data scienceunderstand business performance, trends, funnels, as well as answer product and business questions to drive product and marketing actionsbuild and maintain learning plans for the product, s, with key analytical questionsleverage industry best practices in establishing repeatable bi practices, principles and processes.
ability to understand, translate and map business and product questions into analysis projectsexpertise in database technology technologies with an understanding and hands-on skills with sql server, ssis, solid understanding of ssas, n-dimensional cubes is requiredexperience building large scale data sets in azure, aws, hadoop or similar big data environments is requiredproficiency in advanced excel functions, creating formulas, pivot tables, and powerbi is requiredability to influence diverse audiences and build strong partnerships with stakeholdersstrong ability to articulate vision, requirements and benefits, providing a solid rationale to business and technical partnersself-motivated, agile and driven to think out-of-the-box3+ years relevant experience, data analytics, technical, development, project and, or program management, is required.
create custom dashboards and reporting using tableau, excel and powerpoint.
collaborate with the search partners and agency in developing measurement strategy, implementing optimization strategies and improving analytical procedures.
strong programming analysis, sql, experience, ideally within digital marketing space.
ability to analyze data coming from myriad data sources, mine and analyze and derive value from it to improve business sql and other computer programs, python, r is preferred.
working knowledge tableau
, power bi is a plus.
must have good communication, presentation, and documentation skills.
capable of using microsoft project, excel, word, powerpoint, and visio or similar products.
business process design, project management, and, or agile sdlc experience a plus.
this position will also be a liaison between data architecture and data management, data stewardship, lines of business and the etl group to align business needs with enterprise data management strategy and solutions.
ability to quickly understand operational and other source systems and apply that knowledge to prepare the detailed mapping of source to target documents for etl consumption experience working with application system business users and smes, subject matter experts, and translating the findings into technical mapping documents 4-5 years of sql experience in teradata, sql server, oracle or other database platform ability to leverage metadata to provide insight into source system data.
previous experience in an enterprise data warehouse environment.
exceptional data analysis skills.
knowledge of sql against large data sets would be beneficial.
technology background in file based or messaging systems based architecture would be an additional plus.
looking for a data analyst with good exp in data mapping and programming languages like sql, oracle, python, sql should be very strong.
candidate should have good written and verbal communication skills.
the client is seeking a resource that has experience in data analysis and data mapping documentation specifically data mapping, data analysis, and data migration, moving data from one system to another.
you have 3+ years of experience in data analysis and, or social science.
you have experience in python.
you’ve used tools like pyspark, pandas, matplotlib, and jupyter.
you’ve been responsible for end-to-end data analysis.
you’ve conducted analyses and communicated your learnings through written reports and visualizations to others who are less familiar with data and statistics.
you have experience with git and take pride in maintaining well-documented repositories.
market research-based data transformation of federal database in support of groundbreaking,
extract natural language descriptions to be used to strengthen search engine optimization, seo, for individual study entries.
computer, it literacy [ms powerpoint, excel, word.
interpersonal skills, with strong written and oral communication skills.
for all programs this position will develop and maintain databases, data collection systems, data analytics and monitor performance to identify improvements.
applicant must possess the ability to track several projects simultaneously, have excellent communication skills, oral and written, and the ability to build positive relationships.
knowledge of data visualization software to design, develop, deploy and support dashboards and website management.
strong organizational, communication and interpersonal skills.
at least, 2, years of experience with data collection and management.
extract product and packaging specification data from word, excel, and pdf documents.
may deliver training and may provide guidance or expertise to quality staffmay support sales and marketing in their efforts to acquire and retain customers, responding to rfps, request for proposal, quality presentations, request for measurement information] creates communication strategies and presentations for both internal and external customers to educate and address continuous quality improvement initiatives recommends corrective action when appropriate.
2 - 4 years of work experience in data analysis and retrieval that reflects a proven track record or proficiency in the competencies notedadvanced excel knowledgehigh school diploma or equivalent.
skillsdesired skillsminimum functional experienceminimum technical experiencebenefits programcandidate privacy information
advanced microsoft office skills in excel to utilize formulas, including v-lookup, creating pivot tables, creating macros and utilizing vba to automate reports; access for data import, analysis, export; powerpoint to create slides providing analytic findings and recommendations.
demonstrated advanced proficiency in business intelligence tools such as business objects, power bi and sas
advanced experience working with sql with ability to use proc sql statements.
articulate with ability to express oneself clearly and professionally in written and oral communication.
ability to use shell scripting.
sql, ms power bi, good analysis.
responsibilities work with data from structured and unstructured data sources as well as various formats.
ensure data validations and perform data quality checks on a regular basis.
must possess at least 2 years of experience in business, data analysis.
strong with sql querying.
experience with data analysis with crm data.
must possess knowledge of sql and general relational database concepts.
the city of norfolks office of budget and strategic planning is currently seeking qualified candidates with proven research and analytical experience for the position of data analyst.
in support of over 225, 000 residents, regional neighbors, and visitors from all over the world, the city of norfolk employs over five thousand hard-working, agile, and accountable individuals who each play a vital role in making norfolk the unique and authentic city of the future that its citizens deserve and demand.
four years experience in data analysis or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
experience building and administering reports and dashboards in enterprise systems such power bi or tableau.
machine learning experience.
programming experience in languages such as sql, r, python, javascript, etc.
special project, grant employees are generally eligible for the same benefits of regular full-time employees; however, retirement, life insurance and participation in health plans vary depending upon funding and authorization.
please indicate how many years of experience conducting research projects, including benchmarking research, you possess.
do you have previous professional experience developing and presenting data analysis to key stakeholders.
power bi.
tableau.
oracle bi.
this can include root-cause analysis, making recommendations and delivering key metrics;build data models and define kpis that allow the business to better understand trends, growth, and opportunities;empower stakeholders in a self-serve manner by conceptualizing, building, and delivering dashboards based on a set of requirements or needs;communicate effectively with internal stakeholders and support them to better understand user activity on the site; manage projects and ad-hoc tasks from inception to delivery;present findings from data analysis to peers, management, and leadership;develop implementation plans and timelines;develop data warehouse structures and reports;manage, run, and refresh schedules for dashboards and reports;perform bug fixing, maintenance and upgrades to code;maintain documentation for design, development and reporting work;translate business requirements into technical designs.
3+ years’ experience in a data intensive role including providing data analysis and developing reports using enterprise reporting toolsbachelors degree in information technology, computer science, or a related quantitative field or an additional 4+ years of business, data analysis experience1+
years’ experience creating dashboards using tableau or other similar data visualization tools and data warehousing applications3
+ years’ experience coding complex sql queries and logic.
perform audits on data and resolve data quality issues.
question, define and coordinate analytic needs with project managers, product owners, marketing specialists and other stake holders to prepare requirements and schedule deliverables.
write, audit and execute basic to complex levels of sql or r codeperform statistical, modeling and data analyses of business data; interpret those data and analyses; and prepare insights for presentation.
utilize tools such as tableau, ssrs and r to develop and communicate data reports, insights and visualizations.
set and maintain project expectations.
escalate project issues, hurdles, scope creep or questions to team manager or lead analyst if required.
bachelor’s degree in related field, data analysis, statistics, quantitative analysis or statistical modeling, etc.
strong documentation and communication skills.
can provide to and receive feedback from peers and manager to improve self and teambasic understanding of and ability to write successful code within applications in use at overdrive including sql, ssrs, tableau, r and others.
develop and prepare reports and analyses to support iehp’s pharmaceutical services department, utilizing available tools, including but not limited to microsoft office suite, ssrs, sas, power bi, iehp system-specific bi reporting tools, or other related reporting software.
exercises timely and accurate data mining techniques and develops new or modifies
existing standardized and ad hoc reports that ensure consistent conclusions to data analysis.
design and enhance databases, including testing, validating, and maintaining data integrity and accuracy across multiple databases and systems.
responsible for managing assigned projects and effectively communicating with the pharmaceutical services management team if any project deadlines will not be met well in advance of the project due date.
document all reporting projects and database objects within a project consistently, as instructed by the pharmaceutical services management team.
extensive knowledge of microsoft access, excel, word processing, ssrs, sas, spss, or other statistical packages is essential. will accept extensive knowledge of fdb medknowledge drug code data in lieu of sas and ms access.
strong data analysis, data presentation, spreadsheet, and database capabilities.
excellent interpersonal, communication skills.
ability to handle multiple projects, data input, strong problem solving capability.
responsibilitiesdive into our clickstream data to understand user behavior, providing insights to guide product improvement efforts and level up our data architecturework closely with the creative, product, data science, and engineering teams to develop new customer-facing initiativesprovide insights that will enhance our understanding of customer lifetime valuecreate and maintain kpi dashboards to support team decision makingrequirementsbachelor’s degree or above in a quantitative disciplineat least two years of professional experience in an analytical roleability to derive insights from complex data and make recommendations that drive meaningful business impactfluent in sql and advanced proficiency with excel, google sheets.
strong knowledge of a programming language such as python, r, or spark knowledge of business intelligence tools looker and amplitude or similardeep understanding of statistical analysis, and experience with standard techniques including linear regression, time series analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, and a, b testing.
utilize fpds-ng and, or tableau to extract data elements such as obligations, portfolio elements, budget submitting office, heads of contracting activity breakouts.
create standard reports to assist in measuring head of contracting activity, hca, performance in electronic contract data transmission and quality, manual contracts, procurement data standard, pds, data transmission, pds data quality, and migration readiness.
create and update standard and ad-hoc reports to meet secretary of the navy, secnav, assistant secretary of the navy research, development and acquisition, asn, rda, dasn, ap, congressional, and office of secretary of defense, osd, data call and reporting needs, vendor reports, competition reports.
define and document business process, strategy for don acquisition business intelligence environment, i. e. integrated data environment coupled with tableau.
utilize tools including ms excel, ms access, and tableau to consolidate data and perform data analysis, including development of databases and complex pivot tables.
provide data collection and maintenance; data source creation and approval; standard dashboard creation, testing, approval and delivery.
review the current structure, format of data tables and elements and update structure to maximize performance, reuse of data, data quality and standardization of data elements and calculations.
provide subject matter expertise, sme, support to team and client on tableau.
bachelors degree in technical or business-related field; data management
data analytics, big data, and dod database experience, fpds-ng.
knowledge of data management and visualization products such as tableau.
proficient with ms excel and ms access.
skillsworks well in teamsexcellent communication skills.
research, design, develop, and enhance enterprise-wide analytics solutions using a range of reporting, data mining, and analytics techniques, methods, and tools.
contribute to approaches to data quality, metadata, and, or business rules as they apply to data mining and analytics projects.
prepare comprehensive project documentation to include requirements and project findings, manage communications with stakeholders.
provide guidance on business and technical issues affecting projects, such as data access, data quality, storage capacity, and analytic tools and software.
independently, or as part of a team, perform comprehensive and thorough data collection, utilizing a variety of data sources to analyze trends, problems or other related issues of major importance in support of audits and investigations.
data mining: 2 years, required, data analysis: 3 years, required.
identify new data source opportunities to fill gaps in product coveragetechnically evaluate partner solutions and data qualityaccess and evaluate datasets through apispartner closely with business development to progress data opportunitiescontinually seek and research an evolving data landscapepartner with product managers, software developers, and business leaders to develop and optimize product strategyleverage your expertise with data to come up with creative product solutionsconduct research to identify new sources of data, support customer inquiries, and understand the scope of available data in a given space.
familiarity working with apis and other data technologies, sql, etl, excel, etc, or aptitude and motivation to learn these skillsstrong written and oral communication skillsable to lead conversations with potential partners and vendorsbias to action and strongly motivatedorganized, able to write and maintain clear documentationstrong prioritization skillsself-directed; able to complete work with minimal supervision.
you will be working with capgemini’s banking and insurance clients for developing, testing and maintaining business applications after initial 4-week training program.
bachelor’s degree in engineering, computer science, information systems, data science or related fieldgood customer facing and business communication skillsknowledge of sql, unix, sas, r, hive, python, scala, spark in a big data environment to build, test, evaluate, and maintain robust data analysis and models, experience with machine learning tools, and, or open source tools such as r and python required,
exposure to implementing statistical modelsconduct data analysis and predictive analysis to meet client needs reverse-engineer implemented solutions to understand the client problem and resolve client challengesidentifying innovative ideas and proof of concepts to deliver against the existing and future needs of our customersimplement new, highly scalable platform components and tools leveraging machine learning and deep learning models to analyze real-world problemsresponsible for data analysis and modeling to generate business insightsutilize historical trends and predictive models to forecast outcomesdrill down into the data to find root causes of trends and understands such trendsdraw conclusions by making recommendations for developing or modifying analysis strategies with little or no supervisiongenerate ad-hoc reports and continue enhancing standard reportsstrong team player with organizational and interpersonal skillsaptitude for analytical concepts and great attitude and work ethicability to work with leadership and clientsus citizen or permanent resident.
integrate robust data analysis and variables to develop and maintain promotional strategies that reflects the categorys strategic visionmanage, analyze, and recommend effective promotions across a set of categories, assess optimal margin rates, maintain sell through goals, and evaluate customer price perceptiondevelop strategy and provide leadership for determining promotional events through the use of quantitative methods and report category performancework collaboratively to ensure analyses are in alignment with strategic objectives and are executed in stores.
ba, bs degree and 4-6 years relevant experience or equivalent combination of education and relevant experience0-2 years leadership experienceproficient in a wide range of analytical, quantitative, and statistical techniques and tools to derive insights from large, complex data environmentsexperience with statistical analysis software packages, r, sas, spss, stata, a plusexcellent communication skills: listening, verbal, and writtenstrong organizational, planning, and time management skillsstrong work ethic complemented with a positive, can-do attitudeability to deal with ambiguity in a collaborative environment.
ensure that the data quality is maintained to the highest standards in line with the objectives.
strong it skills are essential especially excel, access, vba, sql experience in sas is an advantage good analytical and problem solving skills ability to collate financial data and prepare reports excellent written and
verbal communication skills ability to relate to both business and it specialists, working in different locations fluency in english is essential and knowledge of french is a definite advantage.
bachelors degree in computer science, information systems, cybersecurity, or other related technical discipline, plus 4 years of experience in technical data analysis with increasing responsibilities.
good working knowledge of statistical data analysis techniques, including sampling, descriptive statistics, regression.
experience with data analysis tools and languages, such as sql, spss, sas, r, advanced excel, or similar.
experience with data cleaning and preparation.
experience with visualization and dashboard techniques and tools, such as power bi, tableau, or similar.
basic understanding of supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms.
dns, and network security principles.
strong analytical skills and the ability to effectively research, write, communicate and brief to varying levels of audiences to include at the executive level.
software development experience in python, pandas, scikit-learn, experience with rapidminer or similar tools.
experience in natural language processing.
previous experience working within cross functional and interdisciplinary project teams.
security clearance.
effectively utilizes programming tools and applications, sql, etl, and oracle.
contributes to the project estimation process.
multitasks through project execution and prioritizes accordingly, ensuring project deadlines are met and deliverables are completed in a timely fashion.
assists with the transition from project completion to ongoing production and production support.
fulfills all client and project leader needs and requests.
team and, or client feedback and satisfaction: develops strong working relationships with other engineers, qa team members, project leaders, and other targetbase teams.
2 years technical experience in a data management role utilizing sql and etl tools.
consultative approach to data management and able to make cdi recommendations to the client.
primary point-of-contact for problem escalation and resolution for data management functions.
strong sql, pl, sql skills.
knowledge of unix, linux experience.
shell scripting experience, ksh, bash, perl, python, etc, is a plus.
sql server 2005, 2008 is a plus.
demonstrates the ability to follow a consultative approach to data management.
demonstrates the ability to work within various methodologies, like waterfall, lean, or agile, is a plus.
inputs data from incoming and outgoing compliance correspondence into the compliance analysis tracking system, cats, an access database, please note that the office may migrate the information in this database to teammate, transmits outgoing correspondence prepared by compliance officers, analysts from the aud compliance mailboxhandles classified material dailyprepares templates for compliance correspondence after final audit report is issuedperforms data searches in cats and teammate, as requestedsearches prior oig audit and inspection reports in response to requests for informationsaves and files documents and e-documents in varying systems and formatsupdates databases and spreadsheets timely and accuratelycompiles data and other information into reportsupdates and maintains excel spreadsheetscompiles and analyzes database informationmaintains
research, create, develop, and.
generate sql script templates, unique.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
build user interfaces such as power bi.
ba or bs in statistics, math, computer science, physics or other technical related field; masters degree is preferred.
minimum of 2 years working experience in technical data analysis, data science, or data warehousing with proven business analysis experience.
demonstrated experience in at least one or more languages: r, python, c. net, javascript.
demonstrated experience with sql server.
advanced presentation, communication, verbal and written, and excel skills are required.
role data analyst, rapid insightful analytics, location fort worth, tx duration long term strong in data analysis team intelligent automation ndash rpa, nlp, ai and advanced analytics job summary provide client specialization in advanced analytics to extract insight from information by iterating rapidly, to summarize, visualize large data sets.
this position will be working closely with business smersquos, operations research and will be learning leveraging ai tools techniques.
hands on expert experience with enterprise data visualization tools like tableau and or power bi.
leveraging azure ai platform tools like databricks auto ml, etc.
hellip experience with relational database management system development.
able to build analytics solution including data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, testing and implementation.
able to adapt to fast-paced working environment preferred experience project leadership experience leading collaborative efforts masterrsquos degree in management information systems, computer science or equivalent.
ability to write code in python, java and r.
the incumbent data analyst will have a range of responsibilities including but not limited to. 1, managing ehr data linkage; 2, data base management including cleaning and processing; 3, advanced statistical analysis; 4, maintaining documentation for research compliance; 5, preparation of data summary and reports; 6, preparing data sets for machine learning analysis, 7, managing department compliance plan for data management and data storage.
relevant experience may be substituted for candidates in the process of completing their masters degree, bs and 5 years of experience, prior database management, advanced statistical analysis, familiarity with data visualization, and significant computer programming experience are required.
experience with sql, stata, r and, or sas required.
data modelling consultant immediate position location - princeton nj rate doe 3+ years of experience in advanced forecasting and modeling techniques using excel regression modelling some pharma experience desirable strong in statistical modelling concepts should have worked on some of these techniques.
techniques of forecasting middot simple moving average, sma, middot exponential smoothing, ses, middot autoregressive integration moving average, arima,
middot neural network, nn, middot croston
perform analysis on large quantities of data to help inform game design and bi decisions.
utilize machine learning techniques to perform ad-hoc predictive analytics.
create visualizations which portray information in an easy to digest and informative way to help drive game design and bi decisions.
masters degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or a related quantitative discipline and 0-2 years of experience, bachelors degree and 1-3 years of experience, or 3+ years of experience.
working knowledge of one or more of the following: python, r, sql, or the linux environment or a willingness to learn python and sql.
familiarity with tableau or similar product and best practices for effective data visualizations.
knowledge of machine learning techniques and a desire to grow in this area.
advanced degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or a related quantitative discipline.
1-3 years of experience in a data analysis role.
proficient with python and sql.
knowledge of or familiarity with aws and perforce.
python for data manipulation and transformation, python dictionaries, data frames, data stream, joins of all kinds, outside of sql ides.
python modelling.
hands on experience in client, dl, ai.
research skills – go figure it out and come back with working model.
must know sql very well.
strong work ethic, independent problem solving skills, self-motivated, comfortable with startup culture.
well verse with databases, mysql, sql.
server, hadoop, and adept with modern business intelligence and.
visualization tools, microsoft power bi, tableau, amazon quicksight.
excellent communication skills with.
testing and data-storytelling.
specializing in statistics or data science.
provides input on allocation of resources to complete testing activities.
builds, develops, and maintains relationships with the business and internal control partners, audit, risk and compliance, legal, to facilitate collaboration between all lines of defense for testing.
8 or more years of relevant work experience, internal, external audit, operational risk, compliance testing, quality assurance, expert knowledge of relevant industry regulations and regulatory compliance in a specific area.
advanced knowledge of testing techniques and data analysis principles, as well as the ability to interpret subsequent results.
advanced knowledge of microsoft office tools to include word, excel and powerpoint.
bachelors degree in math, computer science, or a related field.
sql skills.
database administration.
we take an innovative approach to supporting our client, working side-by-side in an agile environment using emerging technologies.
we are seeking a data analyst with experience in oracle and sql.
• participate in all testing related activities.
required qualifications to be successful in this role:• 3 to 5 years of sql and oracle skills.
• demonstrated ability to work in a fast-paced environment with proven problem solving skills.
• experience with data aggregation, data visualization, business intelligence and data analytics a plus.
data analysissql, pl sql.
background investigation components can vary dependent upon specific assignment and, or level of us government security clearance held.
bachelors degree with quantitative focus, economics, computer science, mathematics, physics, statistics or accounting.
2 years of analytical work experience, preferably in a business intelligence function, including extensive database query, sql, and spreadsheet experience.
distinctive problem solving and structuring skills, with ability to synthesize data into useful formats and bring actionable insights through effective data visualization.
strong project management skills, with ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously to tight deadlines in a high paced and dynamic environment.
our client is a well-established publicly traded software company in the healthcare space in the south bay thats looking for a data analyst with the ability to work with multiple databases in excel, salesforce crm, and sap business objects to join their team on a part-time, contract basis, approximately 20 hours a week for 6 months.
responsibilities:use email, phone calls, and internet searches to investigate andassemble data in excelcollect certain data points from internal account managers and salesexecutives, in addition to customer system administratorsperform data investigation, collection, clean up and accurate data entryfollow-up with involved partners providing a status report and access toinformation gatheredskills:strong ability to quickly adapt, learn, and work with multiple databasesincluding salesforce, crm, business objects, and excelability to execute in a dynamic, deadline-driven work environmentexcellent analytical, quantitative and project management skillsstrong interpersonal and communication skills with the ability to work in afast-paced dynamic environmentrequirements:bachelors degree in business, marketing or equivalent2 years experience in a similar data entry and analysis roleproficient with ms office including word and excelstrong team player, results-oriented, metrics driven and capable ofworking in a fast paced, changing environmentmust be self-motivated and able to execute with minimal managementoversightno travel requiredsupport creative and demand generation teams with event-related activities including venue selection andreservations, event logistics and cateringorganize, order and ship items to planned events, balancing internal inventory of event kits, collateral, andswagtrack budget spend ensuring pos are created, and provide overall maintenance of spend for each sitework with outside vendors including our print-on-demand collateral site and swag store to add new content orassets to each siteprovide powerpoint support by editing slides with meaningful lifestyle and product imagery and ensuringoverall typography consistencyuse your eye for detail to ensure branding is maintained throughoutsupport creative and demand generation teams with event-related activities including venue selection andreservations, event logistics and cateringorganize, order and ship items to planned events, balancing internal inventory of event kits, collateral, andswagtrack budget spend ensuring pos are created, and provide overall maintenance of spend for each sitework with outside vendors including our print-on-demand collateral site and swag store to add new content orassets to each siteprovide powerpoint support by editing slides with meaningful lifestyle and product imagery and ensuringoverall typography consistencyuse ysupport creative and demand generation teams with event-related activities including venue selection andreservations, event logistics and cateringorganize, order and ship items to planned events, balancing internal inventory of event kits, collateral, andswagtrack budget spend ensuring pos are created, and provide overall maintenance of spend for each sitework with outside vendors including our print-on-demand collateral site and swag store to add new content orassets to each siteprovide powerpoint support by editing slides with meaningful lifestyle and product imagery and ensuringoverall typography consistencyuse your eye for detail to ensure branding is maintained throughout
perform data integrity testing.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge and experience with reporting tools, databases, sql, programming, r, and scripting, python, bash.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
experience with bi tools - tableau, power bi.
experience with git.
processes: experience with agile scrum, pragmatic marketing framework, microservices and api-first architecture.
tools: experience using aha, azure devops, atlassian jira, microsoft office suite.
net stack, xml, json, azure cloud, and power bi.
experience in data analysis, reporting and visualization using alteryx.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
assist with the development of new tools and processes for data analysis across the company.
ba, bs degree in math, statistics, or other quantitative field.
proficiency in sql and querying large and complex data sets.
proficiency in tableau, looker, power bi or other bi, visualization tools.
skilled in statistical inference and hypothesis testing and use of statistical tools, libraries.
skilled in python or r. excellent communication, presentation, and visual reporting skills.
strong analytical skills with the ability to apply business strategy to data analysis and recommendations.
working knowledge of bayesian statistics.
experience in building machine learning models and predictive analytics.
this position will be working closely with business smersquos, operations research and will be learning leveraging ai tools techniques.
lead level experience providing technical functional guidance hands on expert experience with enterprise data visualization tools like tableau and or power bi leveraging azure ai platform tools like databricks auto ml, etc.
hellip experience with relational database management system development.
solid analysis and problem-solving skills able to build analytics solution including data exploration, extraction, cleaning, transformation, testing and implementation.
able to adapt to fast-paced working environment preferred experience project leadership experience leading collaborative efforts masterrsquos degree in management information systems, computer science or equivalent.
ability to write code in python, java and r
• analyze health management programs including data collection, validation and outcome measurement.
• 2+ years of statistical analysis or data analysis experience or 1+ years of hedis data analysis experience including measurement and rates impacted.
• advanced knowledge of business objects, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
• advanced knowledge of business objects, sql, and microsoft applications, including excel and access.
1 year professional experience in data analysis.
professional experience in mysql and excel.
economics, statistics or actuarial sciences, and two years of property.
excel skills with knowledge of spreadsheet functionality including v-look-up.
level skills with business intelligence tools such as sql, sas, or python.
for learning and using data analysis reporting tools such as tableau.
adept at utilizing microsoft office applications, excel, access, power point.
advanced excel proficiency required.
experience creating client-ready reports, charts and data analysis using microsoft excel.
experience with tableau a plus.
perform research and analysis using programmatic data, to relay programmatic impacts, trends, patterns, statistics, etc.
create and maintain queries using sql or other programming languages, with a preference for open source programming languages such as r and python, as necessary for consistency and efficiency of data retrieval from various systems.
research methods and tools to create efficiency for reporting, gis mapping, and other analytical and computational processes.
participate in the evaluation of new technologies to ensure the technology architecture and data analysis and visualization tools are in line with company’s evolving business intelligence needs.
about you the successful candidate will excel at operating in a diverse and fluid environment, and will be crucial for the success of the high cost program.
you have proven experience working with data warehoused in databases using sql and programming languages for data science such as r or python, or a demonstrated capacity to learn them.
you have excellent written and verbal communication skills, are naturally curious and inquisitive, and are interested in continuously improving our work.
uses appropriate programming languages, python, sas, r, to develop business and operational reporting and data visualizations.
builds technical knowledge to support research and analytic responsibilities through independent learning.
develops and analyzes key metrics and performing data analysis.
ability to wrangle large datasets, structured and non-structured data, including data mining and manipulation.
demonstrated understanding and experience with technical systems, datasets, data warehouses, data analysis techniques and data visualization.
ability to design and implement process documentation and monitoring protocols, demonstrated understanding and experience with technical systems, relational and dimensional datasets, data warehouses, and data analysis techniques.
advanced skills in programming languages such as python, sas, r or similar required.
proficient in data visualization best practices and tools such as power bi, tableau, sas visual analytics etc preferred.
ability to identify and seek needed information, research skills.
bachelors degree in economics, mathematics, business analytics, computer science, statistics or other quantitative field required.
masters degree in economics, mathematics, business analytics, computer science, statistics or other quantitative field preferred.
2-4 years of data mining and query tool experience required.
this could include data discovery and profiling, assessing data quality, tracing lineage, investigating any questions and issues relating to the data including impact of business process and system on data, data flows and analyzing data to answer business questionsresearch and investigate data issues.
participate and support data governance activities.
5+ years’ experience working with data, data engineering, data scientist, bi analyst, bi developer etc, experience analyzing and working with large datasets.
proficiency with sql
knowledge of data programing languages such as c, python, r, java and, or etl tools like informatica a must. must be able to both read and understand code as well as feel comfortable using code as a tool for data analysisexperience using tools like alteryx, tableau prep and excel for data preparation, lightweight integration and transformationdemonstrated critical thinking ability including the ability to define a problem, frame it for a broad audience and collaborate with others to formulate solutionsdemonstrated ability to leverage visualization tools like tableau to develop dashboards that are impactful and have a meaningful narrative.
excellent communication skills.
ability to manage multiple projects, deadlines, identifying the necessary steps and moving forward through completionmust be detail orientedskilled in excel, more advanced analytical tools preferred.
degree in statistics or mathematicsexperience with statistical analysis softwaredemonstrated experience working in an agile environment with development and qa staffexperience with cloud data warehousesproficiency with graph and nosql databases required; expertise in sqlknowledge of provider-sponsored health insurance systems, processes and the healthcare industry.
perform data analysis on user behavior to inform product features.
maintain deep and up-to-date knowledge of the data warehouse; troubleshoot data inconsistencies.
interpret results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple exploratory data analysis to statistical modeling.
experience writing complex sql queries.
knowledge of a, b testing and statistical principles, regression.
experience with r, python, or related programming language.
microsoft excel proficiency, including pivot tables, look up functions and charts.
experience with tableau or other reporting
, bi tools.
creates, edits, and maintains sql databases and tables.
proficiency in python scripting and ability to automate processes.
power bi, microsoft automate, microsoft power apps, sql server, microsoft.
modeling experience using sql, sas, r and, or pythonexposure to data visualization tools such as shiny, poltly, flask, d3, power bi, sas va, tableau.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
good experience of relational database systems and using sql, stored procedures to extract data.
interpreting, filtering, cleaning and analyzing data using advanced excel, access and sql.
working with data structures and algorithms.
relocation charges will be provided to you during your project migration.
on-job technical support during the project.
assist in designing and implementing testing methodologies and procedures.
bachelor’s degree in accounting, economics, statistics, math, or other degrees that show ability of high proficiency for details and analytics.
creative thinking and, or project management responsibilities.
problem solving cognitive skills.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
proficiency in ms office, specifically excel, general knowledge of the internet and online services.
bachelors degree in information systems, mathematics, economics, finance, fine arts, graphic design, design, human interaction design or related field, or equivalent relevant work experienceat least 1 year of data visualizations or data analysis work experience.
manipulating, validating, and analyzing data using excel, sql, r, python, and other analytical tools to develop insights about emerging trends in the labor market.
delivering oral presentations to clients summarizing research findings.
at least 1 year of analytical experiencesql and r experience strong analytical and data mining skillscreative and alert to new ways of approaching tasksability to collaborate with committees to get desired resultshighly organized and proficient at multi-taskingadvanced experience with microsoft office toolsexperience with data visualization tools, tableau, power bi. benefits.
medical, dental, and vision insurance life insurance coverage long-term and short-term disability coverage 401, k, retirement plan with matching professional support from our client and employee optimization specialist.
proven ability to code in sql.
hagertyconsulting. com, is one of the nation’s leading emergency management and homeland security consulting firms.
known for its public spirit, innovative thinking, problem solving, and exceptional people, hagerty is sought after to work on some of the largest, most complex, crisis and emergency management issues.
• support existing reporting utilizing sap, bi, bex, power bi, and excel.
• develop, maintain, and manage advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other bi solutions.
• problem solving, troubleshooting experience, skills to assist production support in issue resolution.
• 2+ years’ data analysis experience.
• excellent communication skills, must be able to interface with both technical and business leaders in the organization.
• superior written and oral communication skills.
• expert knowledge of excel functions.
strong sql experience.
experience in tableau.
uses existing databases, data collection systems, analytics, reports and other strategies to perform analytics and prepare reports.
provides ongoing data analysis and data management throughout the entire request life cycle: defines reporting needs; develops queries or programs to acquire the data from primary or secondary data sources; analyzes, identifies and visualizes the trends or patterns in the complex data sets; validates the accuracy of the data and maintains detailed change control.
effectively utilizes programming tools and applications, sql, etl, and oracle.
contributes to the project estimation process.
multitasks through project execution and prioritizes accordingly, ensuring project deadlines are met and deliverables are completed in a timely fashion.
assists with the transition from project completion to ongoing production and production support.
fulfills all client and project leader needs and requests.
team and, or client feedback and satisfaction: develops strong working relationships with other engineers, qa team members, project leaders, and other targetbase teams.
2 years technical experience in a data management role utilizing sql and etl tools.
consultative approach to data management and able to make cdi recommendations to the client.
primary point-of-contact for problem escalation and resolution for data management functions.
strong sql, pl, sql skills.
knowledge of unix, linux experience.
shell scripting experience, ksh, bash, perl, python, etc, is a plus.
sql server 2005, 2008 is a plus.
demonstrates the ability to follow a consultative approach to data management.
demonstrates the ability to work within various methodologies, like waterfall, lean, or agile, is a plus.
apply your analytical expertise to interesting security, risk and compliance concerns -- even if youre new to securitymake an impact supporting a fortune 500 client while building a career home at an industry leader.
provide analytical support in intriguing areas, including security, risk and compliance -- if you dont have experience in these areas, youll acquire it in this rolebecome part of an industry leader, g4s, and work onsite at a fortune 500 client as an embedded member of their team.
thats two global companies to add to your résumémake an impact as you mine and clean data -- often working with very large data sets -- to identify issues and recommend ways for the client to streamline processesadd to your skills and experience; in addition to learning security and the clients business, you will have opportunities to learn new toolsshowcase your potential to take on additional responsibilities and, or advance in a relatively new program.
a bachelors degree or international equivalent in computer science, business information systems, statistics, economics, mathematics3+ years of experience in data analytics; experience in it, applications, infrastructure, systems hardware, is a plusfamiliarity with one or more programming and analytical languages, such as visual basic, javascript, python, sql, java, perl, c, c, r, sas, or oracleexperience working with business intelligence tools, cognos, business objects, etc.
effective oral and written communication skills, including a demonstrated ability to share analytical insights with non-analysts in ways that are meaningful and impactful.
the scope will include requirements definition, back-end data analysis, data integration, front-end dashboard development, and testing.
develop, improve and maintain custom reports and dashboards to capture project datainterface with executives and project managers to develop reporting requirementsprovide data driven analysis of project financials, schedule and productivityuse knowledge of business and data structure to streamline and automate project reportingcreate project and program-level dashboards to model and visualize projects’ performanceanalyze legacy databases and data availability to streamline reporting while ensuring data integrity.
bachelor’s degree in mis, computer science, economics, or related field preferredknowledge of tableau or power bidatabase management and data-miningefficient with microsoft suiteability to adapt to evolving environments and handle multiple prioritiesstrong analytical, problem-solving, and conceptual skillspossess high professional standards, approach, and demeanorexcellent verbal and written communication skillscompany descriptionamerican process management, apm, provides an innovative, data-driven approach to managing capital projects.
our analysts work with apms proprietary software applications and processes to deliver real-time project intelligence.
identifying and integrating quality indicators; implementing tracking and review of standard methodologies responsible for data validation in excel.
monitor and report testing results to management, as defined by slas troubleshooting and analyzing to determine root cause of issues
title: contract data management analyst ilocation: atlanta, gareports to: director of contract data managementposition overviewkey dutiesand responsibilitiesimpact to our processes.
enhancementsclearly delineate any and all business requirements for needed technology enhancementspartner with it to properly communicate business requirements and delivery solutions to implement any technology enhancementsincrease productivity by developing automated operational and accounting proceduresdirect management and oversight of all databases and backend tables.
ability to professionally interact with all levels of employeeshighly organized and disciplined with ability to quickly identify and resolve issuescapable of cross-functional conflict resolution and ability to enforce data gathering, input, and management policies in a supportive and persuasive mannerproficient use of ms office– excel specificallysome experience in financesome experience with database management.
+ years experience in data management and revenue analysis.
effective verbal and written communication skills, must be able to confidently communicate with peers, leaders and clientsflexible workstyle– able to work collaboratively in a team environment.
disciplined–takes initiative and sets example to staff demonstrating a consistent and timely bias to action for execution of procedures and controls enforcementtenacityand drive-diligently follows through and delivers work assignments on time with a high degree of accuracycommunicator–
self-starter–takes initiative to learn, deliver and solve problems, performing due diligence and research and bias towards action as opposed to waiting for directions.
· this position will also be a liaison between data architecture and data management, data stewardship, lines of business and the etl group to align business needs with enterprise data management strategy and solutions.
· 4-5 years of sql experience in teradata, sql server, oracle or other database platform.
· previous experience in an enterprise data warehouse environment
provide data management services by working independently or as a part of a cross-organizational project team to implement solutions through automation and process re-engineering. partner with project manager, business analysts, lob leads and ota partners to collaborate at each phase of the project life cycle.
partner with other teams within the cdo organization, enterprise architecture, or the transformation program to learn and enforce the latest standards through hands-on project execution.
perform data management standard methodologies including but not limited to data sourcing, data profiling, defining data quality monitoring needs and corresponding rules, bim, sof-mappings, lov mappings, enterprise data normalization, data validation, and produce required documents to support the work to be accomplished.
save all work in enterprise data management tools such as analytix and collibra as data assets.
collaborate and effectively communicate between all parties involved to build strong working relationships and improve the efficiency of project execution.
minimum of 5 years hands-on experience in various data management practices including.
proficiency in sql and various tools, excel, visio, powerpoint, ms access, to perform job functions.
superb communication skills, with the ability to talk and present to a range of audiences, sometimes acting as a translator between parties.
ability to work under stress on multiple projects within your project timeframes.
experience in project management is a plus.
job project management.
we are proud to launch source by mediamath which promises three things: real impressions on real media properties; real humans you can reach with real ads, at scale; and a true and trusted data set that enables machine learning and attribution at scale.
develop a deep understanding of the mediamath databases collection process and architecture of databases.
articulate results of data analysis to clients, stakeholders and internal groups; translate technical results to a non-technical audience.
bachelor degree or higher, preferably with a concentration in a computational field such as computer science, mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering; masters degree preferred.
strong sql and python programming; experience of at least one big data technology, mapreduce, hadoop, hive, spark, pig, aws, s3 a plus.
he, she will be responsible for supporting site-based staff on the use of the early childhood data management system.
act as a resource to all early childhood staff as it relates to the data management system and contract, regulatory compliance.
excellent computer skills, particularly in data management systems and excel.
strong analytic skills and written and verbal communication.
demonstrated computer skills using etl, sql coding and report tools.
understanding of business process improvement, benefit and risk management and software testing, and of all testing events throughout the development lifecycle.
demonstrated proficiency in code development using multiple reporting tools, microstrategy, sas, ssrs, etc, etl tools, talend, data stage, ssis, etc, and sql coding, toad, pgadmin, etc.
expert proficiency in code development using multiple reporting tools, microstrategy, sas, ssrs, etc, etl tools, talend, data stage, ssis, etc, and sql coding, toad, pgadmin, etc.
designs, develops or directs the development of, and directs the performance of acceptance testing of new reports, programs, and models.
software programming experience in c, experience with at least one of the following scripting languages: powershell, python, perl, javascript or ruby, for data manipulation and automation tasks.
proven design and analytical skills, functional knowledge of cloud computing and online services business models, including business, technical, and operational metrics.
experience in data warehouse technologies and, or back-end data processing and analysis systems.
strong background in data warehouse principles, architecture, design and its implementation at large scale.
exceptional problem solving, technical and data analysis skills.
description expertise on sql, snowflake or any other mpp databases such as redshift, b, 2.
very good knowledge in data visualization tools such as tableau and looker, development and maintenance of lookerml.
basic understanding of python programming will be added advantage, to work with data eng team on roll-up tables.
as part of your experience, you will also participate in a cross-functional team building project focused on corporate philanthropy, as well as attend weekly development workshops with your intern peers.
complete data collection and analysis, data processing, data validation, and data cleansing on data provided from air force units.
coordinate and communicate through email and phone calls with field-level airmen across the air force to provide guidance and assistance for support equipment data collection and the serialized marking of equipment.
highly proficient with computers and software applications to include ms office product, word, excel, powerpoint, outlook, etc.
technical expertise in data analysis, data accuracy, and data quality.
strong verbal and written communication skills; application of communicative interpersonal skills.
experience with data analysis, talend certified preferredhands on talend data management experience especially in profiling dataexperience in large multi -year data cleansing and migration projectshands on experience writing data quality rules with businesstesting and reconciliation of pre and post clean uplegacy data analysisdata profilingdata quality rules identificationdata cleansingdata reconcilliationresearching and documenting existing legacy application process and data flows, business needs and data modelsexperienced in creating reconciliation and data migration reportsgood communications and end user interviewing skills to gather requirements from business sme in government organizationpreferably willing to relocate to client locationready to work in gdd model, work with india team in different time zones.
offer additional testing to assist in helping the client find the solution.
create special project reports.
excellent communication skills; verbal and written.
good working knowledge of m, s word, excel, outlook, powerpoint, ie and adobe acrobat.
project name.
this person will advise dohmh stakeholders to ensure that data quality issues are identified, documented, and resolved.
additionally, they will gain more knowledge of dohmh surveillance by assisting in project coordination, management and evaluation as necessary.
develop and implement automated or semi-automated scripts to analyze data quality and clean, enrich, map, and transform data to surveillance sme’s specifications.
conduct root cause analyses to identify and remediate workflow and technology-related issues that result in loss of data quality.
develop dashboards, visualizations, and presentations to summarize and explain data quality issues.
contribute to project coordination, management, and evaluation with a lens for data quality.
demonstrated skill in descriptive analysis of “raw” data using sas, sql, r, and, or python.
experience with hl7 clinical document architecture, cda, and, or fast healthcare interoperability resources, fhir.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
strong interpersonal communication and time management skills with attention to detail.
forecasting and modeling - generate forecasting models using baseline data and adjust over time to enhance precision and predictive capabilities.
optimization - use our workflow data to find opportunities for process optimization.
this will require working with engineering to enhance our approach to data collection and organization.
experience building reports and dashboards backed by postgres sql databases.
expert knowledge in tableau.
expert sql query skills.
the ed360 project provides educators with near real-time instructional support using data from the data warehouse.
candidate demonstrates experience using microsoft sql server to model data into datasets for consumption of business intelligence software.
candidate demonstrates expertise with modern data warehouse and information system technologies.
candidate demonstrates experience with data security and privacy by anonymizing datasets.
the data analysts will work with the lead data analyst to provide data analysis support of agency initiatives revolving around the data warehouse.
these projects may include support of evidence-based funding, illinois report card, state assessments, data quality dashboard, il-empower ibam rubric, essa summative designations, holistic district plans, and ed360 instructional support.
the data warehouse team is developing reporting capabilities for the new evidence-based funding formula in support of public school districts funding.
the illinois report card is undergoing a major rewrite to report district and school report cards from the data warehouse.
the data quality dashboard is a tool developed for districts to review data quality reports in an effort to improve the states reporting of data.
the holistic district plans project is new development to collect and collaborate on strategic planning and coordination of support to prepare students for success.
the ed360 project provides educators with near real-time instructional support using data from the data warehouse.
® sql server as the relational database management system, rdbms.
in addition, the selected offered will be required to follow all current application development standards and procedures while ensuring maximal security.
net, ajax, jquery, microsoft sql server, sql server integration services, ssis, sql server reporting services, ssrs, or crystal reports, microsoft power bi business intelligence, and microsoft sharepoint 2016.
access to all web applications requires the offer or to use the current application development framework to integrate into the current single sign-on, sso, or the sign in portal, web application security, iwas.
set and deliver the vision and agenda for business analytics for raphael and associateswork with stakeholders to understand business needs, establishing a portfolio that will drive cost savings, revenue growth and continuous improvement develop and implement data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityacquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databaseslead development of analytic models to derive actionable insights that will have high business impact collaborate with it to define the enterprise data strategy encompassing data collection architecture, data governance and data reporting infrastructure identify, recruit and develop top analytic talent locate and define new process improvement opportunitiesperpetuate a data-driven culture across the enterprise.
strategic thinker, with ability to make recommendations and influence senior leadershipleadership experience in an analytics, bi environmentleadership experience deploying new analytical approachesin-depth understanding of insurance claims administrationexperience designing, building, testing and implementing predictive models2-3 years leadership experience.
proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analysttechnical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniquesstrong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks, knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc, strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyadept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsbs in mathematics, economics, computer science or statistics.
the data analyst will perform large scale data analysis and modeling to identify trends and efficiency opportunities.
fluency in ms excel, excellent verbal and written skills, strong interpersonal skills and ability to work with cross-functional teams.
strong written and oral communication skills.
excellent verbal and written skills, strong interpersonal skills and ability to work with cross-functional teams, demonstrated technical expertise, problem-solving and analysis skills will be a must, must know sql, data analysis and report creation.
identify risk or opportunity by uncovering patterns and relationships in structured data.
conduct segmentation, time series, descriptive, multivariate, exploratory, and inferential data analysis.
research and recommend workflow solutions and process improvement opportunities through data analysis.
build, update, and maintain tableau and power bi dashboardsperform ad-hoc data analysis to answer specific business questions and audit data qualitybuild and maintain python data pipelines in support of analytics projects and reportsbuild, maintain and support data-driven applications and related infrastructureidentify, analyze, and interpret patterns in complex data setssee opportunities for innovation and automation of internal processesshare knowledge and insights through documentation, presentations, and demonstrations for business and technical usershave a solid focus on internal customers, professional demeanor, and high intellectual curiosity with the ability to learn new concepts, frameworks and technology rapidly as changes arise.
bs in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or related field3+ years of experience as a business data analyst or a data analystproficient using sql to obtain and manipulate datadata visualization experience using tableau or other bi toolsknowledge of python or similar language, especially data processing libraries and techniquesstrong documentation and communication skills.
2+ years of dedicated experience working on advanced analytics projectsdegree in mis, computer science, operations research, or other quantitative fieldstrong analytic sql expertise and experience working with large data volumes across multiple sources such as relational databases, oracle, db2, hadoop distributions, cloudera, hortonworks, and mpp, netezza, demonstrable experience performing etl, elt on multiple sources of data using technologies such as sqoop, hive, spark, and informaticaexperience with streaming data a plusexperience using python, r, or similar languageproven track record of contributions to agile projects involving large-scale databases, complex business infrastructure, and multi-functional teams.
outstanding verbal, written communication and presentation skills, including an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teamsdemonstrable experience using visualization tools such as tableau and qlik, and familiarity with software packages for exploratoryapplying domain expertise in financial services, ideally broker, dealer, to perform valuable analysis and, or data engineering a plus.
source, cleanse, merge, and transform data into business insight and prescriptive actionhelp to inform senior executive decision making by clearly packaging and presenting the results of complex analysisdiscover and verify new opportunities to identify risk, grow business, and scale and optimize operationshelping to structure work, planning new analyses, and translating business questions into analytical projectsidentifying and ingesting new data sources and performing feature engineering for integration into models.
• apply your expertise in data analysis, data mining, and data visualization to see beyond the numbers and help build strategies behind the numbers.
• provide sql programming, under general direction, in the execution of data analysis that will contribute to the final project deliverables.
- to enable project execution.
• prioritize and monitor project progress relative to timeline and scope.
• proficient in sql; minimum 3 years experience.
• development experience in any scripting language, python, c, sas, etc.
• experience manipulating data sets through statistical software, python, r, sas, etc.
• solid planning, priority setting, and project management skills with experience managing multiple projects concurrently.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
• preferred - advanced degree, bachelors, masters, phd, in statistics, economics or other quantitative discipline• experience with tableau, and, or similar bi tools.
• ability to program in newer and emerging statistical languages; working knowledge of big data technologies.
provide data analysis and reporting related to increasing optimization and performance improvement.
work with analytics reporting technology, such as data-cubes and other data mining techniques.
7+ years of progressive responsibility within business analytics or finance teamsdemonstrated analytical capabilities; statistical modeling preferredadvance knowledge of microsoft excel: use of data pivots, data visualization to show trends, and extensive knowledge of formulas and functionsadvanced knowledge of data analysis, profiling and modelingexperience working with business intelligence platforms: cognos, microstrategy, ssrs or similar technologyexperience designing and constructing data models, cubes and performing reports testingstrong business requirements gathering and analysis skillsstrong knowledge of sql, pl, sql - required for query, profiling and testingdatabase exposure: sql server, oracle or similar rdbmsexposure to retail, catalog and ecommerce businesses preferredadvanced degree not required, but preference may be given to candidates possessing mba or other advanced degrees or training.
2+ years of hands on experienceexperience with sql developmentexperience with excel.
leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
0-2 years of work experience as a data analyst or in related field is preferred bachelor’s degree, master’s in science, technology, engineering or mathematicsstrong client-facing and communication skills including effective and professional phone and email skillsexcel pivotsexperience writing sql queries; proficient knowledge of aggregate and date functions, join types and nested queries.
requirement in short, sql based transactional data analysis, responsibilities.
write sql queries, use sql to do data manipulations and also understand such outputs that helps the business understand the key stories from their key transactional data source.
clearly communicate the value of the analytical findings and be able to connect with business decision makers who may be less familiar with statistics.
minimum bachelors degree with 2-4 years working in a field involving sql and with transactional data, heavy volumes, vendor and or client experience preferred.
good analytic, communication, leadership and interpersonal skills required for synthesis of data and interpretation of results.
nice to have: experience with dashboards: tableau, power-bi, etc.
provide documentation of queries, inbound requests for future use in improving gbm’s data infrastructure.
advanced proficiency in sql.
experience problem solving and providing business insights and recommendations from data.
requirements:stem bachelors degree2-5 yrs strong python, sqlmust have experience with financial market data feedstrong communication skills.
versatile data analyst - able to support data analysis needs in a software development lifecycle and in a business support capacity to find data insights to solve a business problem.
in a software development lifecycle.
provide inputs into data arch design, analyze data outputs to validate data quality and communicate gaps to the development team.
detail oriented with strong analytical and problem solving skills.
sql or other structured query languages.
data visualization, qlik.
experienced with querying and exploring data within a nosql data platform, hadoop, hive.
provide advanced data metrics development, data collection planning, post-event analysis and evaluation for project test events.
responsible for conducting in-depth functional area research and providing orsa expertise in ttx and field test events.
experience with data collection and analysis planning, test issue resolution, post-test data analysis, and report preparation and production.
experience developing data collection and analysis methodologies to ensure that all test data collected is of sufficient quantity, quality, and relevance to meet test objectives.
the duties include but are not limited to develop analytical and optimization modelstools to solve business challenges and improve efficiency using statistical and machine learning methods perform data analysis, coding and causationattributioncorrelation identifying key insights to help decisions and business strategy
perform research and ad hoc analysis that impact segments performance, such as legislation, regulation, flu, etc. stay current with the latest technology trends and seek innovation perform all other job-related duties as requested position requirements bachelors or masters in business, finance, economics, statistics, applied mathematics, computer science, engineering, or other relevant field 2+ year full-time experience in analytics, modeling, optimization, and machine learning algorithms 2+ year full-time experience with data mining and strong knowledge of regression and linear analysis experience with bi data visualization tools and third-party api integration experience in developing, implementing and maintaining database and programs to manage data analysis efforts ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, and deliver results both quickly and accurately excellent team player with a collaborative, forward-thinking and positive mindset that fosters relationships with various stakeholders effective written oral communication skills and ability to concisely explain methodsreasoning conclusions passionate in using technology and science to build the next-generation capabilities and platforms interest in working in real estate, healthcare, andor investment
completing all required sa deliverables for the project.
review all project deliverables from other areas dev, pv, uat and provide feedback.
attending all the project meetings.
sme knowledge on project.
assessments of project scope and timelines.
writing complex sql and stored procedures db2 preferred translating specifications and rules into sql.
working with string and data manipulation functions and macros with microsoft excel.
metadata management and data governance.
ability to provide time estimations for sa activities for a project based on the design.
prior data migration project experience etl experience using informatica powercenter translate business requirements into etl designs and mapping specifications sql server and oracle server experience and custom querying strong communication skills.
insurance industry experience database designing for oltp, front end applications, and olap systems, edw, ods, complex sql queries, stored procedures, views, triggers.
excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
sql experience preferred.
proficient in microsoft suite: outlook, word, excel and powerpoint.
experience with macros in excel is preferred.
ability to complete plan projects, manage delivery of etl and data architecture.
1 - 3+ years of experience working with sqlexperience performing data analysis and interpreting resultsstrong mssql and ssis backgroundexperience using java, or python, sql for data analysisms or bs degree in computer science or economics.
experience in sql and with a programming language commonly used for statistical analysis such as r or python.
the data analyst is responsible for the analysis, design and delivery of data management, warehousing, analysis and reporting solutions for our customer.
the ideal candidate will have extensive hands-on experience using sql technologies to implement data integration, analytics and reporting.
power bi scripting abilities; javascript, css, html5, perl, python, and, or php experience.
microsoft sql server technologies: - sql server core database.
sql server integration services c code development, plus.
sql server reporting services.
solid understanding of data governance, hygiene and integrity.
excel and powerpivot for excel.
closely with the customer to gather and document project requirements.
-perform data manipulation and advanced data analysis including financial modeling, data mining, and machine learning techniques.
-perform risk analysis which may include a broad range of financial risk measures, such as value at risk, var, stress testing, and margin evaluations.
-create comprehensive project documentation according to cftc standards.
-minimum of 3 years of industrial analytics experience using statistical programming languages such as sas, r, and python.
experience with sql.
-minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in the data analysis field.
-ability to pass a special agrement check, sac, and a national agency check and inquiries, naci, background investigation-public trustcompany descriptionsalient crgt is a leading provider of health, data analytics, cloud, agile software development, mobility, cyber security, and infrastructure solutions.
business analysis: 1 year, preferred, data analyst: 1 year, preferred, analytics: 1 year, preferred, sql: 1 year, preferred, data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
founded in 2016, gabi has raised over $39 million in venture capital funding from top investors including canvas ventures, mubadala ventures, northwestern mutual future ventures, correlation ventures, cuna mutual group, securian ventures, a. capital ventures, project a, and more.
what you’ll be doingpartner with marketing and insurance operations teams to understand business strategy, challenges and goals in efforts discover areas for optimization and opportunity.
develop crm and lifecycle cohort-based communication reporting and analytics practice.
evaluate performance by customer, carrier, coverage, discounts and beyond to inform product and partner optimization.
solid understanding of data technology and best practices, hadoop, hive, r, python, etc, proficient in sql and handling big data, experience with python or other scripting languages a plus, meticulous attention to detail with an ability to learn quickly.
solid understanding of multivariate testing, attribution modeling, media mix modeling, lift analysis, and customer segmentation highly preferred.
strong communication skills and the ability to explain complex analyses to both technical and non-technical audiences.
experience with and data visualization tools a must.
bachelors degree in finance, math, statistics or economics preferred.
job title: data analyst, w2 candidate only, location: hartford ctone of leading companies in the healthcare industry is now hiring a hands-on data analyst with 5+ years’ experience as one of those roles of data modeling, data analysis and even data architect and experience of oltp and olap system design.
experience of owning and managing all changes to the models, solution designs, and architecture documentation; determining database structural requirements by analyzing client operations, applications, and programming; reviewing objectives with clients; evaluating current systems.
experience in sql and good knowledge in sql, sas programming and experience of etl tool of ssis and reporting tool of ssrs.
great communication and a passion for driving insights from data, working with developers’ analysts and business, writing or reviewing functional specs as needed etc.
develop fully automated data solutions and manage release of those automated solutions to a controlled production environment performs data analysis and evaluates trend analysis using sql and etl aggregation methods
perform analysis and diagnose client issues while demonstrating an understanding of the client environment and overall project scope.
excellent oral, written communication and presentation skills.
ability to lead project deliverables through to completion.
relevant software or application skills to complete the job successfully, including strong sql and excel skills.
data privacy notice for job applicants:
this includes creating templates, dashboards, visualizations, algorithms and business tools for use across the organization.
provide innovative and practical solutions to a wide range of complex research and analytical problems by leveraging rca’s proprietary databases and data sources.
define new data collection and analysis processes.
position requirementsa bachelor’s degree from a four-year college or university, preferably in statistics, economics, mathematics or a related discipline.
experience managing and analyzing large datasets in microsoft excel, sql, python, r, sas, and tableau or other bi and, or data visualization tools is greatly preferred.
project overview:overall responsibilities.
sql, r or python education and experience.
technical concentration, mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, etc.
phd with technical concentration, mathematics, statistics, physics, engineering, computer science, etc.
$40-42, hrthis analyst will play a key role in the further understanding our customer’s behavior driven from data analysis.
connect different data points coming from various data sources, research and business data into the big picture.
help to formulate the right business questions, to be resolved through data analysis.
ba, bs degree in mathematics, information systems, statistics, marketing, business or related disciplines required.
demonstrated advanced excel and, or power bi.
strong understanding of website tagging methodology as it relates to data quality assurance.
exceptional communication skills.
past involvement with website optimization.
1-3 years comparable industry experience strong organizational skill set strong written communication skills advanced level of excel including analytical tools advanced level of data analytics software qlik sense knowledge preferred tableau, or alternative software, knowledge preferred sap knowledge preferred.
explore data through funnels, cohort analyses, trends, user segmentation, regression models and more.
work with internal data engineering and data science teams to support causal and predictive analysis.
bachelors or masters degree in an analytical field, computer science, engineering, mathematics, finance or statistics.
exceptional sql skills and experience writing complex queries.
advanced proficiency of data visualization tools such as tableau, looker, power bi, data studio, etc.
prior experience working with reporting and modeling financial data with experience using statistical tools such as python, r, sas, excel, etc.
knowledge of working on cloud-based data platforms - like google big query or aws redshift.
working knowledge of unix command-line, shell, git and pull requests.
prototyping, feature prioritization, agile meetings, code review and architecture.
contribute to documentation, tests, design, performance, security, etc.
easy to deploy, update, and monitor by ensuring the tooling for this is present early in the. project development cycle.
• experience with etl tools, mulesoft, informatica, ms ssis, aws glue.
• experience with key areas of enterprise architecture, including integration technologies, data.
warehousing and master data management.
• must demonstrate exceptional verbal and written communication skills.
• experience as a member of an agile team, scrum - preferred.
• familiarity with traditional bi tools – power bi, tableau, qlikview, aws quicksight.
• experience working with relational databases or big data environments leveraging.
languages, technologies such as sql, r, python or hadoop.
• strong skillset in front end development, jquery, javascript and json.
advanced sql skills applied on relational databases such as mysql, postgres, and bigquery.
warehouse concepts including techniques for handling semi-structured and unstructured data.
• experience of big data and performance optimization of visualizations built on very large datasets.
performs data mining and analysis on internal and external data sets and databases.
provides internal updates on project status, timeline, milestones and deliverables.
experience with it operations and systems including: databases, security and networking.
expert excel user with ability to automate reports, charts, pivot tables, vlookup, macros, vba, and database connectivity.
perform data analysis for data warehouse and end user data requests using sql, and, or other reporting, data mining technologies tools work with end users to determine data requirements for reporting requests, data mining requests, the development and delivery of both adhoc, recurring reports, and assisting with testing and implementation from a data lifecycle perspective support all compliance technology projects in the analysis, documentation, and socialization of data requirements in accordance with the needs of the technology program collaborate with information architecture and business analysis teams in formulation of requirements for data across all product lines develop appropriate data requirements documentation in line with sdlc framework including data requirements, mapping, and test plans define data quality plans to address data quality issues; work with business partners to build business understanding of data issues support day to day production inquiries and questions from other technology groups.
assist with the end to end project management of reporting and data development projects within the team
establish strong working relationships with team members and across the business as appropriate handle individual workload and deliver upon project milestones on time and on budget coordinate project tasks and timelines for data development within the team.
possesses 5 years experience as an it data analyst for a data warehouse with extensive experience in data analysis and design must have experience with data transformation and data warehousing must have experience in property and casualty insurance or in financial services must have experience working with large sql databases adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings strong knowledge of relevant technology toolsets for data analysis, documentation and reporting, sql, data modeling, metadata organization, data cleansing, etc, experience with cognos.
strong understanding of excel must have excellent oral and written communication skills and excellent interpersonal skills self-motivated with superior analytical and problem-solving skills, and a strong sense of accountability analytical, problem solving, creative thinking and design skills.
bachelors degree in mathematics, finance, computer science, information management or statistics.
can write brd and frd with uat testing.
must have 8+ years of informatician and sql experience.
aws is nice to have.
the data analyst will gather data from various lines of business and transfer from the data lake to the aws cloud platform.
they will be required to complete the data lineage, data quality, and data mapping to ensure that none of the data is lost in the transfer.
exceptional data analysis skills.
knowledge of sql against large data sets would be needed.
technology background in file based or messaging systems based architecture would be an additional plus.
determine, document and communicate kpi reporting, tool, and working-level reporting design for developer use; ensure designed solutions meet scalability and security requirements.
ensure effective communication through meetings, qanda database, sharepoint, teams, etc.
bachelors degree in computer science, engineering, technology or related field, 2 years experience with erp systems, business intelligence, and data visualization tools, 2 years experience as a hands-on data engineer or developer, 1 years experience with sap business objects, 1 year experience with qlik sense.
knowledge of business objects, business warehouse, bex designer, bex analyzer, analysis for office and microsoft excel.
knowledge of data processes, report validation methods and data warehouse.
strong problem solving skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
good software development life cycle understanding, including agile, with business intelligence.
data analystposition summarywe have a need for data analyst with experience in data analytics and metrics optimization.
we are interested in furthering our data collection and analysis practices, so you will recommend new data procedures and programs.
evaluate the multichannel impact of marketing activities on engagement, sales and roidevelop and refine techniques used to measure engagement, conversion and trends for marketing efforts, including campaigns and ongoing programscreate a baseline marketing performance and build a process to streamline measurementensure timely delivery of reporting and insights, and build user-friendly answers to basic marketing questions, executive dashboards, use data mining and other analytical techniques to gain insight into customers to improve the effectiveness of communications and productsimprove the presentation and communication of marketing analytics across the organizationbenchmark marketing metrics against relevant standards and competitorsidentify and suggest optimization opportunities to appropriate executional teamsconduct other ad-hoc analysis and reporting on request.
strong background in quantitative analysis, statistics, finance, mathematics or economics, ability to aggregate, standardize, interpret and model data, and to work independently within a decentralized environmentanalytic modeling using methods such as basic statistics, software-assisted segmentation and linear regressiondigital marketing platform skills, including common website analytics platforms, widely used ad serving and technology platforms, social listening and analytics platforms, and mobile site and mobile app analytics platformsadvanced excel skills, pivots, tables and functions, familiarity with database queries and programming languages, sql, excellent written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to convey complex ideas clearly and to communicate with both technical and nontechnical audiencesdegree in statistics, mathematics, operations research or relevant experience.
2+ years experience working in sql.
use data analysis to come up with creative solutions to complex problems and produce tangible results.
be able to put together a project plan and work throughout the company to hold teams accountable and drive results.
the department of family medicine is seeking a data analyst to support clinical operations improvement, quality initiatives, and research studies across the department.
required experience: excellent organizational, verbal and written communication skills.
experience with r and, or sas statistical programming.
research experience in epidemiology and, or biostatistics, study design, study management, primary data collection, data analysis.
project management experience.
develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data sets, excel, spss, sas etc.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
track and report on key performance and quality improvement measures- including performing data validation, data analysis, developing graphs, reports and presentation of results.
assist with patient and employee satisfaction surveys and data analysis as directed.
use electronic health records, epic, athena, dentrix, and excel to gather, analyze, and report clinical and operational data as directed.
bachelors degree in public health, industrial engineering, computer science, statistics or related field.
advanced excel experience utilizing v-look-ups and pivot tables.
sql, access experience is a plus.
direct involvement in all new requests and production issues in the ods and dw production environmentunderstanding data flow for all projects from the ods, and its connected systems, environments including the data warehouse, dw, solid understanding of data flow from edi transactions to the ods.
provide expertise in identifying key data attributes from cloud security platforms and tools to provide visibility into the security posture of cloud environments, iaas, paas, saas.
these attributes include telemetry and logging data from cloud access security broker, casb, tools as well as security and related data and telemetry sources from aws and azure, as well as platforms such as salesforce and servicenow.
ensure cloud services telemetry data ingest, normalization, correlation, integrity, continuous flow, and availability from security and related tools and sensors.
design and implementation of data models and architecture standards in the overall solution.
conduct appropriate analysis on existing security technologies leveraged for cloud capabilities.
performs a variety of complex tasks associated with information security and operational monitoring ranging from the design of security components to complex data architectures.
assess architecture and current hardware limitations, defines and designs system specifications, input, output processes and working parameters for hardware, software compatibility.
experience with cloud security tools including casb.
familiarity with extracting relevant security data from microsoft windows and unix workstations, servers and applications.
sql, powershell, python, regular expressions, ms excel, or equivalent.
perform systematic analysis of the existing security tool solutions, policies, and procedures.
familiarity with standards such as security content automation protocol, scap, asset summary reporting format, asr.
cissp or similar cyber security certifications a plus.
security clearance.
this position will also be a liaison between data architecture and data management, data stewardship, lines of business and the etl group to align business needs with enterprise data management strategy and solutions.
sql experience with any dbms.
4-5 years of sql experience in teradata, sql server, oracle or other database platform.
previous experience in an enterprise data warehouse environment.
experience in and support of unit testing.
we have benefit options to fit your needs and a support staff that works with you from placement throughout your engagement – project after project.
company descriptionabout the sap internship experience project: three reasons to intern at sap.
project-driven experience:
gain cross-functional skills from our virtual and in-person learning sessions, diverse subject matter experts, and project deliverables.
gain visibility: with sap internship experience project in your title, you’ll have a global network of sap leaders, entrepreneurs and career development opportunities at your fingertips.
define and align kpis, pipeline metrics, productivity, and forecasting models.
integrate new data management technologies and software engineering tools into existing structurescommunicate effectively and translate business requirements into data reporting solutions.
bachelor’s degree preferred - in finance, account, statistics, mathematics, economics or equivalent experience3 years experience as a data analyst, financial planning and analysis, or business intelligence analystan analytic approach and problem-solving abilitiesability to collaborate effectively and work as part of a teamexcellent attention to detail and strong organizational and time management
analytics: 1 year, preferred, data analytics: 1 year, required, salesforce: 1 year, required, sql:
the primary duty of this position will consist of performing data and business analytics, sql, statistical programming, r, sas, python, and analyses, communicating with stakeholders and collaborators, and assuring the quality and integrity of the final products.
communicate and work daily with all members of the analytic team to develop feasibility and resource estimates for data analytic projects, and reports to the manager of analytics and research.
attending meetings and conferences, and incorporating innovations and efficiencies in big data analyses.
performing routine queries to ensure database quality and report on data quality issues to the analytic team.
communicate with the iris registry’s data vendor to address any and all data quality problems.
knowledge about data analytics, business analytics, statistics, public health research, and medical, clinical research study methodology.
knowledge and experience in data analysis, reporting and analytic software: sql is essential, postgresql, mssql, redshift, along with sas, and sas, sql, r, or python, pandas.
knowledge about linux command line.
knowledge and experience with version control such as git, github, or bitbucket.
knowledge of data visualization and presentation skills to effectively communicate data insights.
experience with relational databases and data lake environments, including aws.
experience in facilitating and, or leading analytic projects, with project management skills.
experience with health services research or population health studies for data collection, analysis and interpretation.
excellent written communication skills.
masters degree in public health, business analytics, data science, statistics, or epidemiology is a plus.
the multimedia messenger manager, m3. provides data management functions.
in the form of data governance, data architecture, data warehousing, data.
quality management, metadata management, data security management, data.
o required skills: power business intelligence, bi, ability to.
python coding experience is a plus
we are looking for leaders and problem solvers who are passionate about data and data management.
the ability to work effectively with a wide range of stakeholders – front office customers, project managers, business analysts, and technologists is important.
work with technologists, project managers, and business analysts to deliver reference data system upgrades.
develop design recommendations commensurate of requested solution, ensuring recommendations comply with corporate architectural standards and federal and state regulations and, or mandates pertaining to the privacy and security of hphc’s core data assets.
lead quality assurance, qa, and user acceptance testing planning for developed solutions, and participates with business requestors in their user acceptance testing once qa testing is successfully completed.
report test results to project stakeholders.
ma, mba, ms or equivalent, plus 5 years experience, including a minimum of 3 years in health care data warehouse environment.
strong verbal and written communication skills as well as negotiation skills.
proficient with pc’s; expertise in ms office, ms access, word, excel, power point, visio, ms project, ; sophisticated technical skills in sas and sql programming languages; demonstrated understanding of principles of data modeling; extract transform load, etl, specifications; experience in database systems, teradata, oracle, as well as end-user analytic tools like microstrategy web; experience in microstrategy web report development, understanding of its architecture and schema objects; previous experience with documenting requirements, use cases, test cases, success criteria; experience in master data management.
possesses excellent communication skills, both verbal and written, and strong telephone customer service abilities.
identify risk and, or opportunitiesconduct segmentation, time series, descriptive, multivariate, exploratory, and inferential data analysisassist in the deployment of initiatives to improve operations based on quantitative findingsprovide detailed conclusions and insight into variances on drivers impacting trends.
research and recommend workflow solutions and process improvement opportunities through data analysisadhere to applicable compliance, operational risk controls in accordance with company or regulatory standards and policies.
the best person for the job will possess strong excel, pivot tables, v-lookups and charts experience.
as a huge plus the sql and access, excel, file transfers, data manipulation, tableau or other bi tool experience.
python and or c. knowledge of statistical tools and business reporting, excel, pivot tables, v-lookups and charts.
basic sql.
c++ or python.
huge plus: knowledge of writing queries and stored procedures using microsoft sql server, t-sql, tableau or other bi tool experience.
analyze internal and external data through quantitative researchcommunicate findings to company through standard and ad hoc reportspromote best practices in data analysis and reporting sqlcollaborate with cross-functional teams.
previous experience in business intelligence, analysis, or other related fieldknowledge of statistical tools and business reporting, excel, pivot tables, v-lookups and charts, basic sql for reportingstrong problem solving and critical thinking skillsstrong attention to detailability to prioritize and multitaskbachelors preferred in the computer science or business related fields or related experience.
expertise in various tools for data analysis, excel, python, tableau, querying sql databases, etc.
exposure to the agile methodology scrum or kanban using industry standards such as jira.
experienced using open source frameworks or automated tools for functional testing, selenium, katalon, etc.
expert level knowledge of writing complex queries and stored procedures using microsoft sql server, t-sql.
tableau or other bi tool experience.
analyst, bi, t-sql, tableau.
data analyst, tableau, sql.
data analyst, excel, v look up jr position.
data warehouse technical consultant.
data engineer, ssis, etl, sql, tableau.
sql, tableau, sas
assist with project issues log to initiate, track and record the resolution of project issuesmust be able to document business and technology process flows clearly using standard toolsfollow and update structured data collection proceduresdevelop and execute sql, oracle, sas, documentum queries based on business application edd requirements.
ability to write sql, dql queries and coordinate creation of queries with other technical resourceswork closely with business and it resources to define collection requirementscollection, processing, and delivery of data for processingwork with it and business resources to update and or develop new collection proceduresassist in testing and qa of collection and processing tools for system implementation and upgrades.
1-2 years of experience extracting data from ms sql server.
strong analytic and problem solving abilities.
good interpersonal skills, i. e, strong verbal, and written communication, works well in a team environment.
ensuring that technical software development process is followed on the project, familiar with industry best practices for software development.
data visualization technique - reports, dashboards, analytical notebooks and stories defining measures and kpi’s semantic layer in power
bi power query and dax power
bi
best practices around security utilize key components of sql server, ssis, ssas, ssrs, mds, dqs, r server, leverage microsoft cloud-based solutions for data, analytics including azure hdinsight, azure sql dw, azure data lake, azure data factory, and azure machine learning r and python visualizations gis mapping visualizations asterix, atc standard, analytics,
not required, geospatial and weather analytics sdlc demonstrate the ability to adapt and work with team members of various experience level closely work with stakeholders on enabling power bi service and architecture understanding of data flows and common data model.
bachelor’s degree in mis, computer science, math, engineering or comparable major passionate coder with 4 years of application development experience 2 year working experience with power bi, power query, dax, visualizations, experience using sql server, complex queries, store procedures and ssrs, experience coding for geospatial analytics experience with agile, scrum methodology self-starter who can work independently strong communication skills.
ability to work effectively with various organizations in pursuit of problem solution experience using python analytics stack, anaconda, jupyter, technical certification in sql, bi, analytics, cloud preferred experience on aviation industry and using asterix atc standard, nice to have, us citizenship or green card holder is a must.
communicates results of data analysis to non-technical audiences.
participates in establishing data quality specifications and designs.
identifies and makes recommendations for reporting re-designs and platforms for reporting, automating a manual excel file using macros, developing a microstrategy dashboard to replace manually updated excel dashboards, moving data storage from excel to access, etc, as needed.
identifies and resolves data quality issues before reports are generated.
qualificationseducation: bachelors degree in bio, statistics, epidemiology, mathematics, computer science, social sciences, a related field or the equivalent work experience required.
masters degree with concentration in computer science, data science, or statistics preferred.
turn business problems into research plans.
leverage data from the data lake, data warehouse, third parties, and source systems.
soundly use statistics and probability.
define requirements for data engineering to improve data, automation and analytics capabilities.
technical education: a bachelors degree in a technical or quantitative field, statistics, mathematics, computer science, engineering, economics or finance.
proficiency across analytics tools: deep experience with analytical sql queries, inner, left, right joins, ctes, and window functions.
some experience with scripting within a notebook environment, preferably using python, pandas, and jupyter.
familiarity with basic statistics, distributions, experiments, significance testing, and linear regression.
experience with a major analytics, visualization platform, tableau or looker.
specifically a product or events analytics platform, google analytics, amplitude, segment, and an ab testing tool, optimizely, vwo.
bachelor or master in computer science, business analytics, data science, information technology, or related technical fieldexperience working with sql including writing sql scripts, python, r, tableau and advance ms excel skillsvery strong verbal skills - with the ability to clearly communicate technical issues and potential resolution paths.
demonstrated ability to work successfully on highly profile projects and able to see tasks through completionability to work under tight deadlines and handle multiple, detail-oriented tasksagile, self-motivated learnerms word and powerpoint skillsproven experience translating business requirements into reports, dashboard solutionsability to review a long list of records in excel and work to find corresponding paperwork to those recordsdisplays initiative by resolving issues on their own and applying lessons learned to new situationshas a high quality of work and checks work frequentlymust be able to work in a team and as an individualability to learn ami, advanced metering infrastructure, and legacy applications with proper trainingability to communicate with end-user customers to resolve issues, gaps, and collect datastrong writing skills - with the ability to draft procedural and process flow documentsexperience with transaction investigation and correction through user interface.
experience working on repetitive tasksexperience on creating daily communications and reportsexperience with defect management and reporting tools, i. e. rational, for issue identification, work assignment, communication and resolutionexperience with executing business system test scripts, documenting and reporting testing resultsexperience with data analysis and interpretation and account, field, record correction.
resp and qualificationsdata governance process and stewardship support.
facilitate and drive research, analysis, and solution execution across resources and communicate status to stakeholders and management.
develop detailed understanding of data flows and business processes through activities such as reviewing documentation and code, interviewing developers and business smes, and performing deep data analysis on large complex data sets.
drive creation data policies, processes, standards and data governance workflows.
research industry and internal data requirements and standards and work with internal and external stakeholders to drive collaborative development of data policies, standards and guidelines.
develop detailed workflow processes for incorporating data governance in project life-cycles.
provide communication, education, and assistance in support of operational roll-out of data governance processes.
develop and present materials for communication and education of varied audiences about data governance strategic initiatives and tactical execution plans.
work closely with various project and leadership roles to execute data governance activities within projects.
data quality support.
perform detailed data quality analysis in a large and complex data environment across a range of technologies including relational database and big data platforms.
perform extensive data profiling across large data sets to assess current state data quality across large volumes of data attributes.
working with business and technical stakeholders, define data quality requirements, rules, and thresholds.
working with data architecture team to implement data standards in response to data quality issues, needs, and findings.
develop framework and methodology for ongoing data quality assessment, monitoring, measurement, and reporting including technical and business process aspects.
work with data quality tool and development resources to develop strategy and planning for data quality tool use and implementation.
perform detailed metadata analysis in a large and complex data environment across a range of technologies including relational database and big data platforms.
define and document business and technical metadata; perform analysis and research to harmonize terms and definitions across systems and business areas.
perform research and analysis related to reference data elements across the systems, data landscape.
work with data governance and data architecture leadership to develop strategy and architecture for centralized reference data repository.
product growth analysis and analytical responsibilities • apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers to understand how our users interact with our site, identify growth opportunities, and execute on projects to drive growth and engagement • communicate experiment results to business partners along with insights and recommendations
help set a framework for the new kind of testing like seo testing.
• 3+ years of experience in sql and, or other programming language • strong spreadsheet skills
• ba, bs in computer science, math, physics, engineering, statistics or other technical field or 3+ years of equivalent technical work experience
years’ experience with digital marketing optimization or product optimization work i. e. funnel, website optimization and, or outbound channels like seo, sem, and email
• experience in making analytical, data-driven decisions and communicating the results of analyses • knowledge of statistics, hypothesis testing, product experimentation, regressions,
• experience with prioritizing, communicating and influencing teams • experience thinking strategically, structurally solving product problems, and driving execution • experience delivering growth on kpis for technology products nice to have • software development experience
• 1+ years of experience manipulating data sets through statistical software, ex. r
, sas, li-ih1diversity is important to us, therefore, realtor. com is an equal opportunity employer regardless of age, color, national origin, race, religion, creed, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and, or expression, marital status, status as a disabled veteran and, or veteran of the vietnam era or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local law.
pk currently has an exciting opportunity for senior data analyst, power bi and sql development, that would like to join our team as a full-time employee in seattle, wa.
the individual that fills this role will be supporting the effort to automate the ticketing processes as well as create operations and financial visualization, reporting.
this role may include creating powerbi dashboards and reports, complex queries, stored procedures, sql functions, views, as well as looking at existing sql to refine or improve in line with the goals of the team.
advanced sql, power bi and excelwriting complex efficient sql scripts and views to match and pull data across various db tablesdata analysis and change managementhistorical trendingability to produce professional powerpoint presentations with data~ in order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at pk are based exclusively on merit.
filter and “clean” data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases, data systems identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets work with management to prioritize business and information needs locate and define new process improvement opportunities candidate will be reviewing and analyzing non-standard format data and transforming it to a standardized format for ingestion into a big data and a structured data environment.
knowledge and experience in programming languages, python, proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks, knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc, strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics active secret clearance required.
create thorough documentation artifacts and maintain same for duration of project.
develop and perform standard queries to ensure data quality, identify data inconsistencies, missing data and resolve as needed.
collect, profile, collate, and map appropriate data for usage in new or existing solutions as well as for ongoing data analysis activities.
1-3 years of demonstrated experience in data analysis, data manipulation, and decision support.
word and excel.
responsibilities:primary responsibilities would be business analytics utilizing techniques such as statistical analysis, predictive modeling and data mining.
conduct research to provide insight on bank’s performance trends and identified target ranges using publicly available industry and fhlbank system data; serve as a liaison to fhfa, the fhlbank system and other external data analysts specializing in diversity and inclusion.
support operational functions of the office including, but not limited to, committee administrative support, coordination of communication materials, organization of exam-related document requests, dandi training, pulse surveys or focus groups, and annual review of policies and procedures.
bachelor’s degree in business, economics, statistics or related fieldthree years of related experience with strategic initiative project management, process and performance improvement, data analytics and reporting metricsexperience in diversity and inclusion in the financial services industry is a plushighly proficient with microsoft office products; experience with tableau or other data visualization toolsproven track record with strong written and oral communication, analytical skills, data visualization and project management skills; high level of attention to detail and accuracy; ability to routinely manage large data setsstrong interpersonal skills, self-motivated, and a demonstrated ability to multi-task and work independently while collaborating effectively at all levels of the bank.
ideal candidate should have one year of experience in sql and excel.
the day to day responsibilities for the data analyst candidate includes validating large data sets, creating reports using microsoft excel, and running sql queries to help resolve issues with the database application.
data -pivot tables -data analyst robert half technology matches it professionals with some of the best companies on a temporary, project or full-time basis.
project name:duration:project description:mandatory skills.
experience migrating mainframe vsam files to relational and, or dimensional sql databases.
ibm mainframe, windows server, unix and sql server.
strong sql knowledge working with complex queries and stored procedures.
excellent interpersonal, communication, presentation, writing, analytical, problem solving, and information gathering skills along with fundamental technique troubleshooting abilities.
experience with data quality, profiling tools.
collaborate with developers, engineers and other organizational leaders to identify opportunities for process improvements, system modifications and develop policies for data governance.
create appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the steps of data analysis process and replicate the analysis if necessary.
familiarity with data visualization and business intelligence tools, tableau, business objects, cognos, power bi, proficiency in sql, r, python, and spreadsheet tools.
experience in agile, lean methodology.
knowledgeable on data management and governance practices and principles.
focus on business efficiency and optimization.
business analysis, process improvement, and project management skills.
strong communication and ability to articulate data and technical concepts to wide audiences.
business and technical acumen to work effectively across project teams and stakeholders.
conducts data analysis and reporting to support program operations, and to meet reporting requirements of funders, payers.
proficient in excel formulas and functions, vlookup, pivot tables, etc.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
skilled at data manipulation and visualization.
preference for candidates in science, technology, physics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, data analysis or similar fields.
she or he is expected to keep all project details confidential.
review and analyze testing data to identify problematic areas.
background or degree in science, technology, physics, mathematics, statistics, engineering, data analysis or similar fieldscompany descriptionakorbi is a global company specializing in people, technology and language.
provides data collection, analytical support to team and monitors assigned projects.
ensures deliverables are completed on time; responds to changing project circumstances and communicates issues to project leadership.
performs cost-impact analysis on um medical appeals on a monthly basis by generating attributed values using complex excel formulas.
utilizes sas and sql skills to extract claims data from data warehouse and ensure data quality
creates interactive dashboards to analyze key performance indicators trends and presents data visually using tableau.
education: bachelors degree in computer science, management information systems, electronics, communication engineering, or a related field required.
experience with microstrategy, sas, tableau, ms excel, word, access and powerpoint preferred.
proficient with personal computers, including microsoft windows excel, word, access,
project management and facilitation skills required.
bs in a technical or business degree and, or equivalent experience showing you can excel on reporting and analytics.
advanced technical experience in sql on microsoft sql server, preferred, mysql or oracle.
5 - 10 years of directly related data management experience within the card industry.
advanced experience making charts with microsoft excel.
competency in business intelligence software preferably tableau but
the following are acceptable: qlikview, power bi, business objects, microstrategy, cognos or alteryx.
experience coding in any language php, python, c, ios, ruby, java, html, javascript, r, sas, etc.
experience in business finances within the card industry such as business models, business use cases, fpanda, corporate development, forecasting, manda, balance sheets, profit and loss and, or experience in quickbooks, sage, microsoft dynamics great plains, netsuite, xero, or similar.
experience in probability and statistical concepts.
experience in financial analysis and working with data, preferably working with healthcare data, either from educational study or professional experienceat least a foundational level of knowledge of access, sql and, or other database programsat least an intermediate level of proficiency with ms excel, pivot tables, vlookup, etc.
knowledge of principles and practices of finance administration in accounting, budgeting, and auditing.
understanding of cms provider payment methodologies, drg, rbrvs, etc, understanding of operations, services and activities within a data warehouse environment, claim data, membership, eligibility, and revenue data, etc, understanding provider capitation contracts, development of capitation rates, contract carve outs, performed comparative analysis to fee for service.
business analyst iii - data governance.
business analyst iii, data governance.
the business analyst iii is a key contributor to the tmnas data governance effort.
as such, the business analyst iii is expected to leverage a broad knowledge of data governance and stewardship concepts in order to identify improvement opportunities, and propose solutions, based on insightful quantitative and qualitative analysis.
the business analyst iii should also have exceptional interpersonal and communication skills, in order to build and sustain relationships and lines of communication with key business and it stakeholders, and to identify and partner with influential subject matter experts in order to drive measurably successful outcomes.
• have innovation mindset and constantly strives to improve the governance processes and kpis.
• experience with sql query-writing and bi tools such as business objects, cognos, ssrs, etc.
• significant experience with data governance, metadata management toolsets such as informatica axon, edc or collibra data center governance is strongly preferred.
• experience with informatica data quality, idq, is helpful.
• broad working knowledge of data governance and data stewardship.
• deep appreciation of the need for data governance, as well as a solid understanding of how to apply dg tools and techniques to ensure business and project compliance with dg principles, policies, and practices.
• demonstrated problem solving, collaboration, and analytical skills.
• knowledge of microsoft office products, visio, excel, word, powerpoint, and access.
• excellent interpersonal and communication skills, written and verbal.
responsible for the planning, design, testing, implementation, and support of new software development and integrations - using agile methodology.
test and maintain software products to ensure strong functionality and optimization.
conduct product research.
experience with mom, manufacturing operations management, experience with engineering processes and data flow from cad systems to downstream product lifecycle management and digital manufacturing solutionsknowledge of data fabric architecture and data model design for analyticssemi-conductor equipment industry experience is highly desirableexperience with model based definition, model based enterprise, mbd, mbe, programs with a focus on data fabric and digital twin requirements is highly desirablebs, cs degree, or equivalent experience.
collaborate with data science on solving complex problems through machine learning.
derive meaningful insights from campaign performance reports and make optimization recommendations to the media team.
leverage various media tools to assist media buyers in collecting research data.
must have exceptional excel skills with advanced knowledge of formulas.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience working with bi, crm tools.
experience with research and buying tools; specifically for digital and offline media.
must have exceptional excel skills with advanced knowledge of formulas.
strong decision making and communication skills.
detail-oriented with solid math skills and a high level of accuracy.
project managementproduct and system engineeringcore engineering disciplinesknowledge integrationnpd and sustaining engineering.
advanced knowledge of sap, ap processes, excel, powerpointtableau exposure1-2 years advanced dashboard, scorecard building.
one minute you might be using custom sql code to build reports that help analyze a new data set, the next minute collaborating with our department leads to analyze kpi reports, and the next minute partnering with your peers to gather, cleanse and move data to maintain integrity.
discovering opportunities for improvement and provide recommendations for improvement within turn5s strategy to drive incremental operational successworking with team of data engineers to ensure performance reliability of dashboards and visualizations available via tableau serverusing custom sql to improve data structure, optimize, automate data flow, and build custom reportscollaborating with representatives from across turn5s departments to contribute to analytics and data integration projectsperforming ad-hoc reporting analysis for all turn5 business functionsperforming ad-hoc analysis to help predict performance or to assist future decisionsmanaging our analytics project and ticketing system, ensuring the highest impact projects are prioritized and ensuring quality scoping of projectsbeing presented with business problems and doing any required aspects, data identification, data cleansing, data movement, analysis, etc, to figure out the cause and how to improve performance qualificationswe can’t skip over some of the specific skills and experience we know are a “must” to be successful.
ba, bs in it, marketing, e-commerce, economics, mathematics, or other related degrees and at minimum 1-2 years of experience working in a similar capacityba, bs degree requirement can be substituted for 3+ years of related work experienceexcellent analytical skills: including being able to quality-assure, clean, and analyze large data sets to draw conclusions and propose recommendations6 months - 2 years of experience with ms sql server 2012+comfortable with implementing basic statements for ddl, select, insert, delete and merge.
6 months - 2 years of experience working in, moving data from tableau, google analytics, or any other analytics platformsdata centric experience working with various applications, oms, wms, etc, implemented within an ecommerce setting would be a plusproficiency in excel
- uses infomaker and, or sql to run queries to extract student, graduate, faculty employee, and other information from the jenzabar ex software system.
- updates and maintains the institutional research and the quality enhancement plan, ir, qep, manual.
- interacts with paines faculty, staff and administration as a group, sub-groups, or individually to identify suitable data, information, and research needs in collaboration with the ir, qep and iaer.
education: bachelors degree required, masters degree preferred, in the field of computer science, statistics, mathematics, information systems, economics or other field that included significant coursework in a related field from a regionally or nationally accredited college or university.
experience: minimum of three, 3, years experience as a data analyst or in a related position, minimum of two, 2, years of experience extracting data from a query system such as infomaker or from a relational database such as jenzabar ex using another query system, experience maintaining and reporting data for a college or universitys institutional research office, advanced level experience collecting and analyzing complex data, both narrative and statistical; experience maintaining and reporting data for a college or universitys institutional research website would be an excellent asset.
other. - strong analytical skills including, but not limited to, data analysis a. - ability to collect data from internally or externally developed surveys, process and analyze data, and prepare reports for dissemination of results to stakeholders with minimum supervision.
- excellent communication, verbal and written, interpersonal skills.
demonstrated project management skills such as ability to prioritize tasks, handle multiple tasks, complete quality work on a timely basis within tight deadlines and utilize effective problem resolution skills.
demonstrated ability to conduct thoughtful and accurate analysis, research and writing in a relevant discipline.
demonstrated expertise in computer-based tools including spreadsheets, database management, work processing and presentation software.
quantitative and qualitative policy, program research and analytical skills.
support payment operations including data quality checks on files created and managing production of payments.
oversee and manage trading partner testing for new functionality or system enhancements.
collaborate with experimental biologists in the integration of biomedical data to address research questions.
interpret and convey results to project leaders or principal investigators.
summarize statistical results of a research project by creating graphs, tables and charts.
perform data analysis through established computational pipelines to study clinical, biomedical data.
conduct statistical research analysis by compiling data, managing data bases, analyzing data and presenting research results in numerical and graphic formats.
proficient in all tableau platforms including desktop, server and web-based.
design, build, maintain and deploy complex reports in tableau.
gather and document requirements from cross-functional teams and projects, and align on visualization expectations.
build best practices of integrating financial and operational data for a variety of data sources; including: ms excel, sql, internal forecasting and planning tools.
expertise in designing and presenting data using best practices in data visualization.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
knowledge of best practices and experience optimizing tableau for performance by optimizing queries, extracts and logic.
experience performing administrative tasks in tableau server in a production environment.
systems: proficient with tableau, python, ms excel, sql, oracle, hive, mysql, and other analytical applications.
bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, math, engineering, business and, or equivalent specialized education and experience in data science, statistics, data analysis or related field.
this analyst will be responsible for continuing data integrity of all executive level reporting related to project status, resource assignment, allocations, and forecasting capacity demand risks and issues.
the data analyst will be responsible for managing resource capacity demand forecasting, identifying potential risks, exceptions and report creation.
experience in data analysis, data management, reporting is a must.
requires high level of skills and experience in excel, power bi, and tableu.
experienced in project management and ability to self-define projects and actions that will continue to maintain data integrity within systems.
strong communication and documentation skills.
accounting, claims, data analysis, insuranceposition description.
• over 6 years of experience in pandc insurance business and data analysis.
• interprets results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently.
• works with main clients and project and business leaders to identify analytical requirements.
interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports using data visualization tools like tableau and chartio.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting data visualization, tableau, chartio etc, databases, sql etc, programming, python preferred, r is nice-to-have.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
2-3 years’ experience with imaging data tools that may include dicom toolkit, ideal toolkit, itk, matlab, osirix or minc toolkit.
1-2 years experience coding, including shell scripting, python, r or similar languages.
effective written and oral communication skills.
preferred to have: experience with reviewing and organizing imaging data in a linux environment using computer scripting that may include shell scripting, python or r. preferred to have: understanding of clinical trial data handling, extending to imaging data, in a regulated environment, gxp.
understanding of clinical trial agreements, contracts, both in oncology and cardiology proficient in the clinical language related to patient visit procedures within a clinic understand an emr and how to obtain data and procedure information from iteffective communication skills, both verbal and written microsoft office suite of products, word, visio, powerpoint, intermediate to advanced excel skills impeccable attention to detail excellent organizational skills ability to work both individually and within a team dynamic takes ownership of assigned responsibilities and follows through on outstanding issues establishes and maintains long-term relationships with internal and external operations, building trust and respect by meeting and exceeding expectations self-directed and autonomous results oriented ability to meet critical, time sensitive objectives.
1-3 years experience in business, clinical research or related discipline.
bachelors degree in business, information technology or related field required3 years of professional experience in data analysis is requiredexperience working with kpis, sql, and excel, vlookup, pivot tables, etc, experience working specifically with sap businessobjects
acquire and clean data sets to support ai research experiments.
ability and desire to understand the point of view of key stakeholders, including the ai research team and our end users.
excellent organizational, analytical, and research skills.
proficient in sql.
experience with python.
coursework in statistics.
background in communication, biological sciences, computational linguistics or dealing with human data.
the data analyst is primarily responsible for managing department databases for the inventory management department and ensuring data quality is achieved and maintained.
this includes establishing processes to monitor data quality and resolve any irregularities by assessing impacts, alerting stakeholders and driving progress toward resolution.
the data analyst will use tools such as sas, sql server, excel as well as source systems and best practices to accomplish these objectives.
write sql and sas code to implement technical solutions to execute business strategy, processes.
basic understanding of databases, sql, data mining techniques.
eager desire to learn data management concepts and terminology including data warehouse concepts.
proficiency with ms office, excel, powerpoint.
develop advanced analytics and innovative data mining methodologies, utilizing advanced mathematical algorithms, statistics, machine learning, robotics process automation, artificial intelligence and other techniques.
develop and maintain new or existing structures that contain data, aggregated from many data sources for data mining and predictive, forecasting models with industry-standard data mining algorithms.
supporting research and development of analytics or related emerging technologies; conducting a needs analysis; performing environmental scans and evaluations of analytics technologies.
developing project plans in support of all analytics projects. apply data security frameworks that support the organization’s data security policies.
leverage existing data security mechanisms from source systems to replicate per-missions, rls, or data visibility.
updating project artifacts, presentations, materials, websites and other supporting project management documentation, i. e. eplc, agile, etc. required skills.
experience with administering tableau server, 2018.
1 or later, as well as designing visualizations or other, similar data visualization technologies.
experience developing and maintaining tableau server user authorization frame-works, site roles, user groups, project default and custom permissions, inheritance, override, etc.
experience implementing data security techniques such as row level security, rls, native database user permissions, service accounts, content permissions.
experience with network security concepts such as client-server ssl, database drivers, stringent trust model.
experience with tableau services manager maintenance, configuration and commands.
experience generating performant tableau data extracts and live connections.
experience adapting tableau extensions to enhance native server functionality.
experience developing and maintaining new or existing data integration and transformation solutions, i. e. etls, sql jobs, ssis packages, tableau prep builder and conductor, etc.
experience with extracting data utilizing tableau native data connectors or others, i. e. odbc, jdbc, open-query,
ms sql, oracle, db2, mysql, sharepoint, etc.
experience developing web data connectors for tableau server.
experience developing java script apis and rest apis.
experience with configuring cloud environments to support machine learning, ai.
experience developing and maintaining tableau server user authorization frameworks, site roles, user groups, project default and custom permissions, inheritance, override, etc.
experience implementing data security techniques such as row level security, rls, native database user permissions, service accounts, content permissions.
experience with network security concepts such as client-server ssl, database drivers, stringent trust model.
experience developing and applying multiple statistical and machine learning algorithms, i. e. linear regression, k-means, k-neighbors, clustering, random forest, naive bayes, etc.
experience applying algorithms.
experience developing complex tsql queries, tables, views, functions, stored procedures, indexes, and trigger using microsoft sql server.
experience data mining tools and languages such as r, python, orange, spss, rapidminer, datarobot or others.
data security.
experience with azure and aws environments for data management and data mining.
strong communication skills and ability to establish and maintain positive working relationships.
1-3 years of sql or access database required 1-3 years of excel required etl, extract transform load, experience a plus strong attention to detail and quality of data research and readiness demonstrated customer service focus.
be agile.
collects, cleanses, and automates data flows into a central repositoryanalyzes existing data sets to identify patterns, outliers, and areas of inconsistencies through relationships that exist in the datacollaborates with business leaders to validate data insights, and design strategies or recommend changesbuilds models for automated data analysis and predictive insightscreates data visualizations for end users including the use of dashboards, power bi, or user interfaces, powerapps or other web-based interface.
facilitates cross-functional teams and uses an inclusive approach to understanding current operationsdemonstrate good judgment and analytical skills to conduct option analysis and present recommendationsactively works to overcome project barriers, and follows up with stakeholders on status.
healthcare background is preferredmust have experience with sql and advanced skills with ms excelstrong personal computer literacy required including working knowledge of relevant software statistic packages and visualization suites.
must have ba or bs degree in a quantitative discipline such as management information systems, statistics, applied mathematics, analytics or computer science.
pmp or other project management certification such as six sigma is a plus.
experience with python or r, visualization suites- power bi, spotfire, tableau, etc preferred but not requiredability to work with large amounts of data, including checks for integrity, summation, and effective communication, written and verbal, to internal and external constituents.
excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills“self-starter” attitude with the ability to excel in dynamic work environmentsability to manage multiple priorities.
responsible for identifying and tracking data quality issues.
produce, develop dashboards and reporting that provide an optimized visualization.
requirements:experience in working with data extracts and data analysis.
experience with data visualization and developing dashboards required.
knowledge developing in sql, tableau and, or splunk highly preferred.
knowledge and experience in agile, scrum environments along with associated tools including jira and confluence.
application, software development preferred but not required.
aws experience
the candidate will be also involved in researching new dataset using data science techniques, automation opportunities using machine learning and ai tools, provide better metrics showing risk and control issues and lifecycle events of post execution process.
bachelor of science in computer science, engineering or a similar disciplinedisplay sound analytical, problem solving, presentation and inter-personal skills to handle various critical situations.
8+ years of financial industry background is mandatoryperson should have worked with operations, financial positions, transactions, benchmarking, corporate actions dataperson should have worked on projects touching one or more areas of trading, accounting, back office operations and misstrong knowledge of fixed income and equity productsexperience interacting with business users and collecting requirementsability to facilitate jad sessions, develop process and data flow diagrams in visio5+ yrs of strong experience with oracle 9i and, or 10gability to query the database using sqladvanced level knowledge of using excel for data analysisstrong analytical and communication skillsgood background working with quantitative data.
project management skills.
define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.
develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents.
effectively communicate project expectations to team members and stakeholders in a timely and clear fashion.
liaise with project stakeholders on an ongoing basis.
identify and manage project dependencies and critical path.
plan and schedule project timelines and milestones using appropriate tools.
track project milestones and deliverables.
7-8 years of experience in business analysis and data analysisdemonstrated ability to effectively use complex analytical, interpretive and problem-solving techniquesproven interpersonal, diplomatic and influencing skillsconsistently demonstrate clear and concise written and verbal communication.
bachelors degree, university degree or equivalent experiencedisplay sound analytical, problem solving, presentation and inter-personal skills to handle various critical situations.
close interaction with it team to design, improve data architecture.
identify optimization opportunities using predictive modeling.
develop and implement advanced custom models and algorithms.
knowledge of r, python, sql.
experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms.
you have strong verbal communication skills.
execute solutions to business problems using data analysis, data mining, and optimization tools define and implement the strategy, architecture, and framework for marketing datamart with the data sourced from different customer touch points and systems.
develop complex data extracts, applications, and ad-hoc queries as requested by internal and external customers using different tools and etls apply machine learning based algorithmic solutions and predictive modeling on lead management, sales enablement, pipeline management, customer acquisition, and retention processes.
provide appropriate training, mentoring and support for data architecture tools to the analysts and business users.
ensure the quality, completeness, security, privacy, and integrity of data throughout the data lifecycle skills bachelor or masterrsquos, preferred, degree in computer science, math, data scienceanalytics, business intelligence.
at least 4 years of experience in working with modern enterprise data architectures, integrations and data toolsets, ex datamarts, modeling tools, profiling tools, well-versed with sql language.
experience in developing machine learning and artificial intelligence algorithms using python, r, and java.
ability to extract, process, and analyze large volumes of diverse structured and unstructured data to produce meaningful insights that can be linked to business results.
develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
review project goals, current and future state systems and existing test plans, artifacts and ideas.
provide testing status on all activities including participating in defect and team meetings.
use data warehouse, data mart, teradata, sql, oracle, talend, tableau, unica, and unix.
support the business on general analysis and strategic projects; meet with stakeholders to understand analytical needs and define metrics, kpis, reports ensure on-time and accurate delivery of regular kpis, reports and forecasts perform data analysis on user behavior to inform product features maintain deep and up-to-date knowledge of the data warehouse
; troubleshoot data inconsistencies translate business needs into analytical tasks, documenting and presenting results build and maintain dashboards to track product usage and performance interpret results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple exploratory data analysis to statistical modeling demonstrate a level of independence in driving analysis.
analytically oriented with ability to interpret trends and correlations strong knowledge of database and data warehousing concepts experience writing complex sql queries knowledge of a, b testing and statistical principles, regression, experience with r, python, or related programming language microsoft excel proficiency, including pivot tables, look up functions and charts experience with tableau or other reporting, bi tools.
the kingland platform is a highly secure, cloud-optimized software platform that includes enterprise data management, text analytics, artificial intelligence and machine learning, and workflow and compliance management capabilities.
the dra will serve as a member of the research organization working on a production team.
dras are discovering connections between companies through internet based research.
conduct research and complete data entry on corporations and investment vehicles, using defined procedures to identify relationships and provide validated and credible data.
continue to enhance data quality over time on new and existing data through continual data clean-up efforts.
perform work according to the data quality and production standards as defined in policies and procedures.
services include problem identification, scoping, data discovery, data collection, data cleansing, data preparation, model development, statistical analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis, gap analysis, and forecasting.
tools and software include, but is not limited to, advanced use of excel, toad, power bi, tableau, qlik.
work with structured and unstructured data, and develop sql queries to extract large data sets from source databases.
highly proficient in data analysis using excel.
self-starter with strong desire to apply data analytics to real-world national security issues.
existing cbp or dod ts security clearance.
masters degree in applied math, statistics, or other similar discipline.
proficient in use of jira or other similar task, project management software.
proficient in sql, python, toad or other similar programming language or database tools.
proficient in r, sas, spps, matlab, arcgis or other similar analytical software.
advanced user for powerbi, qlik, tableau or other similar bi, visualization software.
job description data analyst - hadoop-aws emr hartford, ct 8 months responsibilities bull continuously optimize, enhance, monitor, support and maintain all talend data integration processes and should be an expert in talend big data jobs.
bull use apis or source xml type columns to dynamically extract, integrate and load data in target schema using talend bull should be responsible for building extraction and mapping rules for loading data from multiple sources for greenfield data warehouse implementation based on talend, aws and snowflake.
bull should have experience working with multiple file formats especially with parquet and avro bull should have experience with moving data into s3 folder structures and working with talend spark jobs on aws emr.
special skills: good communication skills, good office word skills, especially excel.
expertise with sql and either python or r, minimum 1 year.
strong understanding of machine learning concepts and tools.
experience training others to use sql, r, or python.
cursory experience with html, css, and javascript.
ability to write structured and efficient sql queries on large data sets.
experience in programming, especially with data science libraries in python or r. a bachelors degree in engineering or a related field.
follows data quality standards, metrics and audit procedures as defined and set forth by manager-directory governance.
correct data quality errors and produce required revisions according to audit procedures, either with system tools or user interfaces.
adhere to standard company protocol, policy and respect directory privacy and security.
run reports using various tools such as looker, jasper reporting, tableau, or othersmaintain high-quality output and exceptional customer service.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics, data analysis, operations or equivalent is preferred1 year of data analyst, data entry experience or equivalent is preferredexcellent analytical thinking with the ability to connect the dotstechnical skills necessary to work with computer systems is a must.
this includes knowledge of office software such as microsoft word, excel, outlook and access.
must have strong written and verbal communication skills to present findings and recommendations.
basic sql skills for audits and proficiency in looker, jasper reporting and tableau.
must be detail-oriented, organized, have good problem solving and research skills, and understand the importance and benefits of data quality.
the ideal candidate is someone who has experience in quantitative analysis whether in market and, or consumer research, or general business analytics.
intermediate knowledge of excel, including formulas, functions, and pivot tables, and power point.
demonstrated business communication and writing experience.
experience with business intelligence software like tableau.
convert complex data and findings from a sql environment into understandable visualizations and reports.
work on specialized research projects as requested.
bachelors degree in business, statistics, or related field.
3+ years of relevant work experience using statistical software like r, stata, spss, python, or sas.
2+ years of experience using sql to extract and manipulate data from a database.
implement, project manage and participate in in-house, outsourced or company-wide projects, while ensuring product quality and product integrity.
good written and oral communication skills.
10. must have a current ts, sci with full scope poly security clearance.
you have previous experience in data quality, developing ad hoc reports, and presenting.
you are an expert in excel.
you graduated with a degree in economics, statistics, supply chain management or something relatable.
advanced skill with excel, complex formulas, simple macros, complex graphs.
proficient in other microsoft office applications, especially word, outlook, and sql.
a firm grasp of mathematics, algebra, basic statistics.
gather bi and analytics requirements from stakeholders.
perform complex data analysis using tableau, sql, python, hive, athena.
support ad hoc data queries and data analysis and present findings to all levels of management.
build reports and dashboards in tableau and potentially other data visualization tools.
build internal data quality measures and processes to ensure the accuracy of data models, reports and dashboards.
expert sql skills.
experience writing complex sql queries in a data warehouse environment.
expertise in tableau or other data visualization tools, looker, microstrategy, business objects, qlikview, domo, etc.
familiarity or basic knowledge of one of the scripting languages like python, scala etc.
experience working with various database systems and thorough understanding of database and sql optimization techniques.
excellent written and verbal communication skills, and the ability to turn data into a story for our business partners.
experience working in aws environment.
experience working with distributed systems like spark, hive etc.
writes code, completes programming and performs testing and debugging of applications.
review integration and regression test plans created by qa.
performs moderately complex problem solving with assistance and guidance in understanding and applying company policies and processes.
experience, expertise or knowhow in data management aspects underlying the above.
interaction with development, testing, product management and qa teams.
• serves as liaison, interface between application development, it, project management, engineering teams, vendor support and end users.
• serves as a front-line defense for problem solving and sees a problem through to resolution, working both internally and externally to obtain a possible solution.
• provide user support to end users by building, documenting, testing and presenting solution to business unit.
• performs application security, access profile audits.
• strong customer service and communication skills are required.
• critical thinking, root cause analysis, problem solving skills are necessary to be successful in this role.
• proficiency in microsoft office applications such as excel, word, access, teams, and sharepoint
create sql queries to extract and transform the data for loading into the repository or for analysis by sac analysts.
identify data quality issues between various data sets and use the appropriate tools to clean the data for loading into the repository.
general systems and database administration.
manipulate and build large datasets from data sources, claims and encounter data, to support analyses through use of efficient sas, sql code which will produce answers to complex business questions.
deploy complex qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques utilizing sas and sql develop project-specific analytic plans, data manipulation and collection efforts; may include: claims analysis, interviews, focus groups, and surveys involving clients, state agency personnel, and other key informants.
create testing measures and, or algorithms to test and analyze large amounts of data.
design and implement data management and quality control procedures, including writing technical requirements and documentation of data sets.
prepare and deliver all data analysis reports.
develop and present summary reports, ongoing project evaluations and oral and written presentations as requested by client, stakeholders and senior leaders to better inform decision making provide interpretation of data to key stakeholders and leadership; including identifying and reporting data patterns and abnormalities and presenting analyses of key metrics and trends.
communicate with all appropriate parties to ensure that the project’s objectives, scope, and expected deliverables of each project phase are understood.
plan, coordinate, and review activities related to data collection and analysis to meet deadlines.
advanced knowledge and use of data mining software tools such as sas, sql, or tableau.
advanced sas, sql programming skills.
demonstrated ability to research issues and resources demonstrated ability to write reports, journal articles and, or other technical documents.
excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
communicate campaign insights generated by our analysis and share communication best practices internally.
gpa or equivalent, computer science, statistics, analytics, economics, data science or comparable major.
exposure to or an understanding of tools, systems like sql, social analytics tools, like crimson hexagon, python, r, etc.
strong verbal and written communication.
proficiency in excel, powerpoint, google docs a bonus.
work independently with project managers to close out capital projects from a financial perspective.
assist with the tracking of all client funded capital project funding authorization documents.
report the break down by component by project to management for depreciation purposes.
bachelors degree, plus a minimum of 2-4 years related experience required including experience or major in finance, budgeting and, or accounting with advanced excel and statistical analysis skills.
excellent communication, writing, presentation, quantitative, and interpersonal skills required.
advanced knowledge of excel, word, windows, visio, powerpoint and data applications required.
experience with sql and exposure to data visualization tools, powerbi, tableau, ect, desired.
strong research skills needed.
ability to translate complex data analysis into laymens terms for non-technical business users.
advanced capability in using traditional analytics software such as, access, sql, excel, powerbi, python, r. strong proficiency in powerpoint and word, with a working knowledge of data visualization tools, dashboards, powerbi.
possess communication and collaboration skills to effectively work with internal, external stakeholders.
this analyst will be responsible for continuing data integrity of all executive level reporting related to project status, resource assignment, allocations, and forecasting capacity demand risks and issues.
the data analyst will be responsible for managing resource capacity demand forecasting, identifying potential risks, exceptions and report creation.
experience in data analysis, data management, reporting is a must.
requires high level of skills and experience in excel, power bi, and tableu.
experienced in project management and ability to self define projects and actions that will continue to maintain data integrity within systems.
strong communication and documentation skills.
2, 800 criteo team members partner with over 20, 000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels, by applying advanced machine learning to unparalleled data sets.
the scope involves both technically rigorous work, including the use leading-edge data analysis technologies, and daily interaction with other cross-functional business units as well as external clients.
teamsconduct ad-hoc analyses as appropriate, including in-depth, data-driven reviews of criteos performance for specific clientsdetermine opportunities for automation using tableau, python, criteos etl tools or any other technologiesmaintain deep knowledge of criteo products, technologies, and position in the marketplacedevelop understanding of criteo buying methods, including direct and programmatic, real-time bidding, relationshipsanalyze revenue, margin, ctr, conversion rates and other financial metrics related to criteo clientstest and analyze new criteo products and improvements to core criteo technologypresent as appropriate to individuals throughout the organization and to criteo clients externallycreate and deliver client-facing analysis, including calls and in-person presentations, occasional domestic travel may be involved, manage controlled a, b tests from design, to execution, to analysis and presentation of resultswho you arebachelors degree or higher in a quantitative field, mathematics, computer science, engineering, physics, etc, minimum 2-3 years full-time, analytics-relevant work experience,
experience in the industry is a plus, exceptional attention to detailknowledge of sql and excelbackground in any of the following a plus: python, tableau, vertica, hive, hadoopconceptual and practical understanding of relational databases and data architecture, governance principlesconceptual and practical understanding of statistics and real-world application of statistical concepts in a testing environmentbasic understanding of internet advertising technology, tagging, cookies, trafficking, understanding of digital marketing concepts, cpc, ctr, roas, etc, strong intellectual curiosity and ability to structure and solve difficult problems with minimal supervisionnative-level english fluencythe ability to present results to both technical and non-technical audiencesability to present and defend complex analysis both internally and externallymust have the combination of technical skills, passion for learning, and an outgoing personality able to deal with strong characters in a dynamic environmentat criteo, we dare to be different.
our client is looking for 2 contract resources for the next 6-12 months to help with data collection, mining data and organizing for report outs for a long term project.
**basic engineering drawing reading; technical understanding of drawings a plus**strong organizational, attention to detail skillsintermediate to advanced excel is a must; the candidate should be able to do pivot tables and vlookupsself-starter,
driving supplier change requests, snoc, for managerspreparing project updates for managerspreparing contract approval documentation for managersreporting on spend and ppv.
develop, test and implement database procedures using sql.
performa data analysis and develop various reports as per the require.
- work with project managers and other stake holders to understand project objectives, delivery milestones and goals.
develop, test and implement database procedures using sql.
performa data analysis and develop various reports as per the require.
2+ year experience with sql, mysql, pl,
sql or postgresql is required.
well conversant with software development life cycle.
knowledge of developing algorithms in achieving consistent results most efficiently.
great communication skills.
+ years of industry experience and 8+ experience working as data analystown the data conversion activity to move target data from source system to target system and verify all conversion activityuse peoplesoft sqr for reporting, data conversion if needed and use phire to maintain version control of the peoplecode language and peoplesoftdevelop ps queries, business interlinks, bi, publisher reports and walk through business users after successful implementation of different accounts payable and procure to payassist in integrating peoplesoft financial accounts payables, fixed assets, travel and expense and lease management application and business funtions with core finance apps.
work on implementing new functionalities of peoplesoft subsystems like accounts payable, journal ledger, expense as per the local and statutory requirements to enable operational expense, opex, and procurement workstream within navigators integration programwork on integrating withholding, 1099 processing and expense payment reimbursement functions for the vendors and employees coming on-board due to system integrationdemonstrate excellent communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customerability to use strong industry knowledge to relate to customer needs and dissolve customer concerns and high level of focus and attention to detail.
position:informatica idq - data quality analystlocation:new york,
have some experience in data quality analyst strong knowledge in informatica idq should have some informatica project background.
this includes our security master file and pricing but can expand to other data elements as the team’s responsibilities expand.
responsible for data quality and for ensuring high business confidence in the dataperform close of business validation tasks to ensure data is ready for the next morningcomplete end of month tasks in timely manner and sign off to stakeholdersdrive data quality by highlighting process improvement, formulate recommendations to resolve, and work as part of team to re-engineer current workflowspartner with other functional operational teams to solve issues and improve processes that relate to datalearn multiple functions at an accelerated pace and quickly adapt to different roles and management stylesdocument workflows and procedures as needed.
minimum of 2 years of relevant experience in financial servicesadvanced proficiency in ms excel a plusstrong working knowledge of u. s. and non-u. s. security types including equities, currency forwards, loans, bonds, interest rate swaps, credit default swaps, synthetic notes, otc securities, futures, etc.
experience working with security masters and pricingknowledge of data entities such as securities, pricing, positions, transactions, indices, clientsdemonstrated knowledge of information management programs including data structures, data systems and tools, related software and data management policies and practicesknowledge of charles river and markit edm is highly preferredstrong knowledge of bloombergexperience with different external data vendors used across the industry such as idc, reuters, rimes, etc.
high attention to detail, and accuracy, within a high-volume work environmentstrong analytical and problem-solving skills in order to identify issues or unusual activityself-motivated with continuous process improvement mindsetteam player, results-oriented and passion for excellenceeffective communication skills at all levels of the organization.
skills and experience in analyzing data, problem solving, report writing and formatting, extracting data from various sources, inspecting, and cleaning data to discover useful information.
3+ years programming experience manipulating and analyzing data, python or scala, experience building robust and scalable data integration, etl, pipelines using airflow, sql, python and spark.
data warehousing experience with oracle, redshift, teradata, snowflake etc.
comanalytical-skills-interview-questions with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings defining new data collection and analysis processes an analytical mind and inclination for problem-solving experience building data products incrementally and integrating and managing datasets from multiple sources.
experience with big data technologies, hadoop, hive, hbase, pig, spark, apache druid, such as s3, ec2, and emr, spark, etc.
lead the transformation of a peta-byte scale batch-based processing platform to a near real-time streaming platform using technologies such as apache kafka, cassandra, spark and other open source frameworks.
lead database design, data collection, data analysis, comparison and data conversion in applications to be utilized by cig.
assist in the development and application of data architectural strategy for an enterprise data warehouse.
three years of data analysis experience.
excellent communication and customer service skills.
sql programming and query expertise.
experience with data warehouse technologies and projects and previously participated in delivering innovative bi, data warehouse solutions.
degree in applied math, statistics, computer science or other related technical field.
please give your independent insurance agent a call to experience our unwavering commitment to service and fairness.
research, analysis and problem solving skills.
sql, sharepoint, business object, office suite.
design, document, and continuously refine processes used across company’s data analysis functions.
bachelor’s degree in math, science, engineering or other analytical field.
fluency with excel or google sheets.
1 - 2 years experience preferred with proficiency in sql and with data visualization tools like tableau or similar.
familiarity with jira, service desk, or similar ticketing systems as well as project management platforms such as asana.
basic knowledge of programming tools such as c, java, python, or r is a plus.
excellent communication skills with both technical and non-technical peers.
excel or google sheets:
1 year, required, project management platform,
asana preferred, : 1 year, preferred, sql:
1 year, preferred, data visualization, tableau preferred, :
security clearance:regular, temporary:responsibilities.
graduate of the operational research and systems analysis military applications course, orsa-mac, preferred.
experience with data management, archiving, storage, and retrieval.
knowledgeable with data management, archival, storage, and retrieval.
must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance and meet other eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
must be able to successfully pass the defense information system agency, disa, information systems security, infosec, awareness compact disk--
must have excellent verbal communication skills for interfacing with military and civilian personnel.
graduate of the operational research and systems analysis military applications course, orsa-mac, preferred.
experience with data management, archiving, storage, and retrieval.
knowledgeable with data management, archival, storage, and retrieval.
must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance and meet other eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
must be able to successfully pass the defense information system agency, disa, information systems security, infosec, awareness compact disk--
must have excellent verbal communication skills for interfacing with military and civilian personnel.
work with business users, off shore resources and vendor in the creation of test documents, software testing and rollout of application upgrades.
assist users during user acceptance and disaster recovery testing by ensuring access set up and creating test data.
s, to help ensure project requirements, objectives are properly gathered, understood, and translated.
exceptional organization communication skills, written and oral, highly proactive with excellent follow through.
previous experience in requirements gathering and process improvements project management skills and tools, smartsheets a plus, understanding of software design, underlying architecture and ability to work with technical staff on support and troubleshooting.
critical thinking, problem solving skills.
interesting work: our co-workers support some of the most important and critical programs to our national defense and security.
this professional will start off working with ashlin’s cloud-based visualization platform, compassbi powered by sisense, on visualizing descriptive statistics and other key performance indicators and building ashlin’s library of dashboard templates.
additional projects will include supporting our team of project specialists in developing deliverables to our clients’ based research and analysis methods, using statistical models on business data collected in field.
if you have the required experience and interest, please email me a current resume, along with your responses to the following questions how much experience do you have with data analysis.
how much experience do you have with access and excel.
âmodify existing databases and database management systems and, or direct programmers and analysts to make changes.
âdevelop, maintain and publish metrics using bi tools.
âextensive experience writing complex sql queries and transformations.
âexpertise in design and development of dashboards, reports in tableau that provide effective data visualizations to identify trends and key insights.
âexperience working in a dynamic agile environment.
âstrong communication, organizational and time management skills.
âstrong troubleshooting and problem solving skills.
- sql. - etl
identify new sources of data and methods to improve data collection, analysis, and reporting.
design algorithms and data manipulation capabilities using r, python, c, javascript, go, and other known programming languages.
improve the quality of data use and usability by driving an understanding and adherence to the principles of data quality management including metadata, lineage, and business definitions.
work collaboratively with intelligence and data analysis teams to produce qualitative and quantitative data that support intelligence products.
5+ years of cybersecurity, it security, support or management services with it hardware, software, networks or security system.
ccna-security.
communication skills - able to communicate in a clear, articulate, and professional manner on a daily basis via written and oral communications with customer contracting representatives, silotech employees, and subcontract, teaming partner contracting organizations.
new duties or project type tasks may receive strict or direct supervision, depending upon the nature of the task, s. working conditions.
bull hands-on knowledge of common web technologies, javascript, css, html, and integration technologies and protocols, apis, rest, http, sftp, etc.
bull understanding of common security concepts and standards, sso, saml, oauth, rbac, etc.
bull solution-oriented passion for creative problem solving, comfortable tackling new and undefined problem spaces.
ensure data quality and integrity across offices.
support analytic project planning, design and implementation across a variety of topic areas.
one or more years of professional experience in a role requiring data analysis skills preferred.
experience writing code with data analytic tools, sas, r, spss, stata, etc, and the ability to use or learn sas required.
proficiency in relational databases, sql server 2012 preferred.
exceptional organizational, communication, oral and written, and problem-solving skills.
strong attention to detail and data quality assurance.
advance knowledge in microsoft office suite, data analytics, data visualization.
bachelors degree in finance, accounting, mis or other related business discipline required5 to 10 years of data analysis experiencestrong understanding of financial statements and the interrelationship of the income statement, balance sheet and statement of cash flows, including account reconciliation and financial analysis
skillsexcellent interpersonal communication skillscapable of working independently; a self-starterexperience with sap or oracle software required, including the ability to access reports and data as neededintermediate to advanced excel skills required, including strong data retrieval and downloading abilities, and proficiency with macros, powerbi, powerpivot, etc.
sql, tableau, qlikview, cognos, erwin, etc.
1+yrs professional experience working in excel.
intermediate, advanced excel skills, v-look ups, pivot tables, etc.
strong written and verbal communication.
identify and interpret trends and patterns in industry, customer, and business datasets, including leveraging predictive modeling techniques and machine learning.
understand business objectives and create actionable insight from big data, customer, competitive, industry, to drive sales and marketing strategy and revenue.
drive optimization of marketing campaigns through insights gathered from customer data, a, b testing, website traffic, etc.
bachelors degree in business, analytics, computer science, management information systems, statistics or related field.
strong sense of intellectual curiosity and willingness to investigate business questions leveraging data analysis from defined and sometimes undefined sources.
i. e. sql, r, python, spss, sas, ; sql strongly preferred.
effective communication skills at all levels, especially senior leadership.
strong working knowledge of excel; tableau or other bi reporting software a plus.
strong oral and written communication skills with experience and passion in visualizing analytics in a simple and actionable way.
strong tableau technical skills understanding of enterprise, data lake bi
deployment models bachelors degree in a technology field preferred knowledge of cloud platforms and saas platforms preferred advanced sql skills data analysis skills with an eye for data accuracy and data quality expertise in delivering actionable business intelligence to high level sponsors.
ability to capture requirements and build user stories, acceptance criteria agile delivery experience ability to think strategically and influence decisions of executives.
adaptable and agile, can conform to shifting priorities, demands and timelines and make project adjustments to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
advanced knowledge of power bi for creation of data.
data from complex relational databases using t-sql and other equivalent.
level of ambiguity to implement customer and project requirements with minimal supervision.
excellent written and verbal communication with stakeholders.
power bi gateway experience.
science, statistics, mathematics, business, or information management.
languages, such as r and python.
understanding of the role of data governance and.
staying within project budget targets.
liaise with departments to understand project requirements, strive to improve data quality, and guide the effective use of data to improve overall company performance.
advanced excel and database query skills as well as experience utilizing data warehouse tools.
proficient in sql query development.
this role requires analytical curiosity and strong sql skills, but is not a dba or etl developer role.
query large databases and other data sources using sql programming languages.
support bi reporting development and crm targeting efforts.
experience using sql to analyze customer level data, such as pos, transactional or weblog clickstream data.
strong excel skills.
experience and familiarity with a wide variety of excel functions and features, well beyond pivot tables.
excellent communication skills.
experience using programming languages such as r or python to extract, manipulate, and analyze customer data is a strong plus.
regression modeling, decision trees, clustering, etc.
bs or ms in statistics, computer science, mathematics, applied economics, biostatistics or a field involving experimental design, probabilities and quantitative analysis.
2+ years of asip experience with data analysis and data interpretation.
sr. data analyst location atlanta, ga full time ability to work on-site at the cdc in atlanta proven ability to work and run reports within spss is required, previous cdc experience also required responsibilities clean, manage and analyze service provision data using analytic software packages, sas or spss.
utilize more advanced coding to create automated reports to assess model fidelity and data quality and completeness act as a senior data analyst to analyze data in in the preparation of monthly, quarterly, and annual reports of funded activities, presentations andor papers, and abstracts leads the development of datasets, data tables, and data reporting for matching activities between the data collection system, electronic system for hivaids reporting and evaluation and hiv surveillance and other data sources
act as a liaison to the capacity building branch, cbb, providing data management and technical assistance to dhapcbb colleagues
possesses the ability to aggregate and manipulate complicated data sets, data cleaning.
timely and accurate reports evaluates program outcomes and quality improvement initiatives and produces presentations and written reports, such as white papers and academic articles, on findings and the effectiveness of these initiatives assists with data analysis in continuous quality improvement projects, program evaluations, research projects and other special projects requirements graduate degree n epidemiology, statistics, public health, or related field is preferred
preferred candidates will have strong analytical skills and reasoning skills strong oral communication skills working knowledge of spss as well as access along with other ms office software proven experience and experience in managing, cleaning, analyzing and reporting on quantitative data strong project management skills with attention to detail ability to work as a member of a team and to interact effectively with research team members ability to effectively represent the contracting company in an impactful manner ability to work on-site at the cdc in atlanta proven ability to work and run reports within spss is required, previous cdc experience also required
bi throughout the organization, including training staff, creating dashboards, and providing customer support to staff.
integrate statistical testing into analyses as appropriate.
conduct market research and other analyses using public data.
experience with salesforce experience with bi tools, tableau, power bi, google analytics, etc, high level of proficiency with microsoft excel, pivot tables, charts, and advanced formulas like index, match and array formulas, self-driven desire to improve technical, analytical skills and continually improve understanding of coa’s accreditation process ability to successfully communicate technical details to a non-technical audience knowledge of data visualization best practices basic understanding of statistical analysis.
position data analyst location richmond, vamclean, va, and plano, tx duration long term project requirement card and risk management working on a cloud-based platform high regulated environment dealing with a lot of adhoc requests data analyst centric role
must-have skills da fashion core strong sql database aspects snowflake nice to have skills python spark problem solver
5 years of experience developing bi solutions using tools like ssis, alteryx, etc.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, technology or related area3 to 4 years of experience in similar data analysis role with proven experience with visualization toolshands-on experience with data visualization tools such as tableau and power biexperience with python and sqlproficiency with sharepoint designeradvanced level understanding of microsoft excel and access strong analytical, critical thinking, and problem-solving skills.
assist with the design, development, and implementation of dashboards, reports, and other bi products.
adhere to data visualization best practices.
performs ad-hoc data analysis tasks as assignedjob requirements.
holds a bachelors degree or is currently enrolled in a 4 year degree program in: stem, science, technology, engineering or math, business, with a component of data analytics, or related area of study.
proficient in tableau desktop.
proficient in microsoft excel.
excellent problem solving skills.
strong communication skills.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
knowledge and experience using basic statistics to for analyzing datasets.
adept at sql queries, report writing and presenting findings.
must have strong and effective communication.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
barnes-jewish hospital overviewrole purposeresponsibilitiesdevelops etl packages using sql server integration services, ssis,
develops and supports complex reports using sql server reporting services, html, and tableau.
working with dbas to transition applications from ms access or other plat forms to ms sql serveranalyzes business processes and requirements to identify opportunities for improvement using microsoft tools and new technologysupporting department operations: share duties with the on-call team, participate in rotation schedules to provide support during off business hours or as needed.
conduct data analysis and related functions in order to inform stakeholders, understand data trends, and tie data into business processes and objectives.
conduct data analysis to answer standard or recurring inquiries and identify trends, correlation, and other relationships in data sets.
highly proficient in the ms office suite, particularly ms excel.
familiarity with software or tools used for business analytics, data analysis, and visualization such as tableau, powerpivot, powerbi, access, or vizio.
experience with data visualization methods and approaches.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
perform data and business analysis as input to a larger process that spans the data lifecycle which includes mapping, modelling, design, database creation, testing, and data delivery.
analyze and interpret data using sql to offer recommendations based on analysis.
10+ years of demonstrated experience in data analysis and, or business analysis with focus on large and complex projects, initiatives; large-scale, global transformation experience in a fast-paced and dynamic business setting. must have solid experience in matrixed yet agile teams to deliver quality on time and delight the customer.
strong understanding of, background in data modelling, database development, experience with sql and troubleshooting; experience with data mapping, validation and data integrity.
strong exposure to sdlc and agile methodologies.
utilize technology, sql, excel, text editors, to identify and isolate issues, analyze data, uncover root causes, and automate solutions.
assist project management with development of project plan for open enrollment and significant change orders.
3 years’ experience as a business analyst and, or 2 years working directly with edi interfacesunderstanding of the fundamentals of health and welfare and broader benefit plan design preferredability to complete willis towers watson business analyst training programexperience with relational databases including sql server, preferred, oracle or access, applicable, intermediate to advanced sql skills and excel data skillsexperience with test plan creation, testing procedures and test plan executionstrong analytical, integrative and problem-solving
skillsexcellent written and verbal communication skillssolid interpersonal skills and client service orientationfamiliarity with agile processes and tools is beneficial.
strong organizational abilities and flexibility to work in a performance driven environment managing multiple project prioritiessense of accountability, owning one’s work and taking pride in it; commitment to quality and continuous improvementbachelor’s degree or equivalent experience in business, management information systems, human resources management, benefits administration or related fieldability to travel, minimally, and work extended hours as neededeoe, including disability, vets.
they will assist in guiding business and development by improved processes, products, services and software through data analysis.
design, develop and maintain business reports structured from various data sourcesmaintain database health and structureuse statistical methods to generate useful business reports to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategiesuse data to create models, algorithms that depict trends in the industry and consumer consumption, presenting findings and company applications.
identify and recommend financial techniques and lost cost alternatives by streamlining business processes and increasing productivity improvementswork with business units, business analyst to understand foundational importance of requestsmicrosoft sql skills and api basic usage, design knowledge requiredssrs, ssis and ssas knowledge preferred.
net programming skillsc basic programming skillspython and r programming skillsnetwork support background preferredadvanced excel knowledge requiredfoundational knowledge surrounding market analysis and assets bachelor’s degree in data analysis, computer engineering, computer programming, financial analysis and, or 2+ years’ data mining, analyst experiencestrong problem-solving skills, including gathering requirements and report design and developmentstrong attention to detail and validationability to collaborate and work as part of a teamexperience using statistical computer languages and tools to mine and report dataknowledge of a variety of machine learning techniquesknowledge of advanced statistical techniques and conceptsa drive to learn and master new technologies and techniquesability to think outside the box to provide problem solving solutions omni and
title data analyst location kirkland, wa job description required skills java,
sql experience with developing and productionizing data processing pipeline using tools like apache beam, spark andor flink data visualization and dashboard creation experience with statistical modeling approaches.
preferred skills experience with query development and data management tools like plx.
experience with creating effective data visualizations using tools like google data studio and tableau experience using flume java tech the job role would require knowledgeability to learn the following technologies frontend angular dart backend java tools plx, google data studio call delivery audio quality system latency resource utilization efficiency correlate system performance vs performance trend analysis.
implement, project manage and participate in in-house, outsourced or company-wide projects, while ensuring product quality and product integrity.
good written and oral communication skills.
must have a current ts, sci with full scope poly security clearance.
monitor account transactions to proactively identify fraudulent activity, suspicious communications, take immediate corrective, protective action, and escalate alerts, cases to the appropriate security division for in depth investigation.
manage the review, analysis of potential fraud and forgery cases prior to submission to the security department.
communicate with internal and external customers on fraud and security issues, problem resolution, and account information as defined by internal policies, process and procedure.
empower the business - support the business to unearth data, transform data, access data, understand data and exploit data, account for privacy, policy and compliance.
create awesome software - work with an agile team juggling hats as business analyst, product owner, project manager, quality assurance or data analyst command data - leverage petabytes of data, data mining, statistics, machine learning, deep learning, sql, apache spark, jupyter, and python pandas, numpy, scipy prosper with us - work with client services, analysts, devops, data scientists, data engineers, programmers, finance, project management, product management and executive leaders to help our customers and the end users.
speak the language - in-person, email, presentations, project management software, ticketing systems, monitoring systems, notebooks and spreadsheets, 3, achievement unlocked: inquisitive, determined, scholar - be up for the challenge.
substantial equivalent research oriented analytical work experience may be acceptable.
job responsibilities include:partners with various grc functional areas to define and implement tpr bsa reporting, dashboards and analyticsdesign, develop, and implement automated processes, in workflow, forms-based products, to improve existing practices and address new business requirementsproactively identifies additional areas of opportunities to enhance analytics, reporting and governance.
where needed, creates new data analytics including the analysis of metrics and risk assessment resultsidentify opportunities to automate processes for tpr bsa optimization and efficienciessupport advance reporting, technical, business audit requests, and data collectionutilize expertise to gather pertinent data and perform regression and other statistical analyses to help identify meaningful data relationships, key risk indicatorsperform other risk –or regulatory-related assignments or special projects as required or directedserve as project support and project lead on various enterprise wide strategic, operational, credit, and, or
risk related initiativecreate complex sql queries involving multiple-table joins, union, sub-queries, cte, temporary tables, and outer apply, cross applydevelop advanced reporting and analysis through microsoft sql server report builder and tableau or other bi tools work with deposits, lending products and services
strong microsoft excel, powerpoint, visio, and other office products interface well with senior management and, or non-technical members of the teamexcellent written and verbal communicationadvanced technical skills,
some project management capabilities 2+ years with sql, writing and optimizing sql queries, customize sql reports to support business requirements and analyze the data, familiarity and delivery of new k2 based workflows, smart forms, and smart objects using k2 designer and k2 studio2+ years financial services with understanding of core banking products, notably in the domains of money laundering, fraud, and risk management proficiency in tableau, python, and, or r, or willingness to learn these programscams, cfe, or cia apply directly for consideration as we are not using any outside agencies for any of our openings pre-employment drug test: all offers are contingent upon the candidate successfully passing a credit check, criminal background check, and pre-employment drug screening, which includes screening for marijuana.
bachelor’s degree required, preferably in math, engineering, business, or the sciences.
24 semester hours of quantitative course work, mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, chemistry, etc.
ability to apply analytic techniques to define project objectives and strategic direction, resolving complex problems using an in-depth knowledge of analytic methodologies and principles.
ability to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
develop algorithms for data analysis.
tecolote research is a private, employee-owned corporation where people are our primary resource.
hoc reportspromote best practices in data analysis and reportingcollaborate with cross-functional teams.
must have extensive microsoft access and sql experienceprevious experience in business intelligence, analysis, or other related fieldknowledge of statistical tools and business reportingstrong problem solving and critical thinking skillsstrong attention to detailability to prioritize and multitaskcompany descriptionone step ahead.
abeo is a leading, nationwide medical billing company that provides a wide range of services to its clients that include, but are not limited to, billing and a, r management, practice management and billing software.
w2 + benefits qualifications of the data analyst sql experience and r experience 1+ years of analytical experience strong analytical and data mining skills experience with data visualization tools, tableau, power bi, due to client requirement, applicants must be willing and able to work on a w2 basis.
com related terms data, data mining, r, sql, tableau, power bi, data visualization job
leveraging over 30 years of success, our expertise in it staffing, agile consulting, creative services, managed services, and life sciences enables us to partner with our clients to execute their business strategy and scale effectively.
pursuing on-going skill development in the areas of financial modeling and analysis and project management.
advanced skills in tableau, sql, microsoft excel, access, and powerpoint.
advance knowledge of data analysis and automation principles.
self-directed and outgoing, highly skilled in financial modeling and bi programming, capable of handling high exposure projects, and receptive to coaching and feedback.
create and update pi tags using microsoft excel.
working with sql and oracle databases.
proficient with microsoft excel.
strong verbal and written communication for documentation.
some experience in querying using sql.
title business solutions developer location durham, nc duration 14 months, possibility of extension, description required skills sas and tableau preferred but not required business objects, access, crystal reports, sql, vba - all could potentially be called into use and would be nice to have but open to resumes without creates technical solutions and queries to address moderately complex business requests by utilizing sas, tableau and at least one technical application including but not limited to business objects, access, crystal reports, sql, vba, etc.
acts as the technical lead for development initiatives, including communication and coordination with the impacted business areas.
bull independently test and debug code participate in the testing of other business solutions developersrsquo projects as needed.
o document and track project plan for work deliverables.
o work with business partner to ensure project moves forward according to plan o effectively communicate development and production issues to the project team andor the manager in a timely manner.
hiring requirements bull bachelorrsquos degree and 3 years of experience with sas, tableau and at least one development tool like business objects, crystal, access vba, etc.
bull very good verbal and written communication skills bull very good pc skills, word, excel, bull
very good time management skills basic skills in project managementplanning bull
provide project status updates per agreed upon schedule bull very good research, analytical, and problem solving skills bull ability to present findings in a manner that the end user understands bull ability to use automated tools to perform detailed analysis and reporting regards anurag sharma email anurag.
data science and data analytics experience using machine learning and statistical methodologies, must have, bi power bi, good to have,
works with the itsm process leads and customer engagement teams to identify and monitor process performance and service provider performanceanalyze, define, and report on trends identified in the datafacilitate technical exchange meeting related to data structure, quality assurance, and reportingleverage the various reporting and presentation tools to provide analysis and recommendationsinterpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reportsdevelop and implement data collection solutions, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality of informationacquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases, data systemsidentify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data setswork with management to prioritize business and information needslocate and define new process improvement and continual service improvement, csi, opportunities.
service management deliverytechnical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniquesknowledge of statistics and experience with statistical tools to analyze data sets, excel, spss, or sas, strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
modify existing databases and database management systems and, or direct programmers and analysts to make changes.
strong sql experience.
solid foundational knowledge of data warehousing, metadata management, and master data management, mdm.
experience in an agile, scrum environment.
experience with master data management, mdm, data governance and data quality management.
experience with big data, hadoop, nosql databases.
basic understanding of statistics and its usage in data analysis.
exposure to statistical languages like r
python for data manipulation and transformation, python dictionaries, data frames, data stream, joins of all kinds, outside of sql ides.
python modeling.
hands-on experience in client, dl, ai.
research skills go figure it out and come back with the working model.
must know sql very well.
tableau experience is preferred.
certification in any sql, pl, sql is preferred, added this week.
using agile engineering and devops methods, we produce mission-specific solutions to solve the fleets challenges.
maintain data management databases.
liaise with asset management representatives from the regional data center facilities relative to common product data management, cpdm, document retrieval and database management.
experience with asset management, configuration management, and change management within remedy used throughout the lifecycle of work ordersmoderate experience with microsoft access and microsoft excelsql programing experience a plusmust have a secret security clearancewhat matters to our nation, is what matters to us.
at perspecta, everything we do, from conducting innovative research to cultivating strong relationships, supports one imperative: ensuring that your work succeeds.
responsibility for systems administration, data architecture, reporting design and execution, and data controls.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
must have at least 3-5 years of database experience with advanced sas and sql skills; experience researching and manipulating complex and large data sets.
extensive experience building superior analytical and reporting tools and dashboards using data visualization, such as tableau or qlikview.
analytical thinker with superior data analysis skills; synthesizing information across multiple platforms, systems, and organizations.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong communication skills, both verbal and written.
high level of attention to detail, with strong problem solving and organizational skills.
working knowledge of microsoft office, especially excel.
description data analyst must be someone whos been in it and understands the whole sdlc someone that can map data and be able to present what mirrors the exact work they are doing to stakeholders understanding of the it process experienced with visio, sql, python, and vba profile data analyst must have a data science or economics background and degree, with more than 3 years of data mining experience who must be comfortable pulling data from resources.
validate data daily using external data and research, quantitative and qualitative.
proficient in excel and sql.
experience business and statistical modeling.
strong critical thinking and problem solving skills.
knowledge of python and vb a plus, or willing to learn.
knowledge of r,
s-plus, sas, stata, gauss or matlab a plus, or willing to learn.
project manager.
· bachelors degree in business, engineering, statistics, computer science, mathematics or related field.
·advanced -level skills in writing and optimizing sql to handle extremely large data sets.
· excellent communication, verbal and written, and interpersonal skills, and an ability to effectively communicate with both business and technical teams.
· proven problem solving skills, project management skills, attention to detail,
· masters degree in business, engineering, statistics, computer science, mathematics or related field.
· experience in scripting languages for parsing and data analysis.
intelliswift provides a variety of services including enterprise applications, mobility, big data, bi, staffing services, and cloud solutions.
the job might consist of tasks like pulling data out of sql databases, becoming an excel or tableau master, and producing basic data visualizations and reporting dashboards.
3 years experience in data analytics sql server access oracle data warehousing.
develop complex sql queries.
college degree preferred, bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
proficiency in sql, 1-2 yrs.
strong knowledge of and experience with microsoft excel.
key responsibilities we are looking for an individual that has experience in data cleansing, data extraction, data exploration and data visualization
also he should have strong experience in einstein analytics or tableau for dataset extraction.
interpret data, analyze results using data collection techniques and provide ongoing reports develop and implement data collection techniques where needed, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain good data in our database systems identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets filter and clean data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problems work with management to prioritize business and information needs locate and define new process improvement opportunities requirementsqualifications 9+ yearrsquos experience as a data analyst development in bi software working knowledge of business intelligence tool such as einstein analytics or tableau is required ability to develop interactive dashboards that zero in on actionable insights
5+ years of experience with one or more database management tools oracle, teradata, postgres sql, amazon redshift, etc.
+ years programmingscripting experience in python r, json files.
strong data manipulation and database skills such as sql, saql, pig latin, and familiarity with etl development process ability to translate business requirements into etl, report and dashboard specifications strong knowledge of excel or google sheets, vlookups, index, match, indirect, address, arrays, etc,
research new big data technologies and identify the best uses of these tools.
advanced sql skills.
experience with tableau, google analytics, excel and powerpoint.
experience with hadoop, hive and spark preferred.
experience with python or another scripting language preferred.
bachelors degree in math, economics, finance or another quantitative field.
resource requirements deep understanding of extract, transform, load, etl, concepts and tools, toad, sql developer, demonstrated high level of understanding of etl development concepts patterns data migration 3+ years data conversion 3+ years data mapping and analysis 3+ years data validation 3+ years strong analytical skills with a focus on ensuring data integrity, access and security familiar with oracle db environments, plsql, sql plus, oracle 12c experience preferred experience utilizing other development tools, tfs, azure devops, no-sql, mongodb, mulesoft, experience working with state of colorado agencies preferred scope of work contractor, will be working on the department of human services
trails modernization project and shall provide the services as follows
understand legacy systems and processes and provide analysis of impacts and risks associated with bridging of source data to legacy database responsible for identifying and testing data bridges between legacy and modernized database structures.
analyze and identify risks associated with bug workarounds that impact the data and database contribute toward root cause analysis of data related defects support integrated testing of interfaces and validation of data mapping, data migration, as well as data conversion activities conducted during pre go-live and post go-live activities skill metrics data analysis 3-4 years data modeling 3-4 years oracle 2-3 years plsql 3-4 years thanks sreenivasa.
advanced level sql hands-on.
good understanding on topics like data governance, data obfuscation, data monitoring, data cleansing, duplication etc.
at least basic understanding of big data related technologies, hadoop, hdfs, hive, spark etc.
nice to have any python, pyspark knowledge.
supports data definition, scope, testing, and implementation of stakeholder-endorsed data analytics efforts to ensure quality, efficiency, effectiveness, and customer knowledge that facilitates the optimization of stakeholder business practices.
assists the sr. database administrator with database administration, including developing, maintaining, reconciling, and updating decision support systems applications.
systems include data warehouse, desktop, web-based interfaces, reporting software, excel, and other systems needed for performance analysis for all entities.
advanced excel capabilities.
bull this person needs to have experience with large amounts of data, data warehousing, aws.
bull strong experience in sql and python is required.
mainz brady group provides technology staffing solutions to the best known companies in software development, finance, electronicsmanufacturing, retail, rd, services, biotechnology, healthcare and telecommunications.
please find the jd below, data analysis, san antonio, texas.
exhibit extensive knowledge of emerging industry practices while problem solving.
quickly acquire knowledge of clients systems, applications, high level system architecture, database, business processes etc.
assist in enforcing project deadlines and schedules.
bs degree preferred, not requiredbasic understanding of wireless technologies 2g, 3g, 4g, and lteexperience with data analyst using excelexperience with some coding languages like python, preferred, but not required, knowledge of sql server querying knowledge of telecom industry data excellent at excel and power point user, pivot tables, conditional formatting, macros, etc.
experience with sql, ssis, ssrs,
power bi.
research and analyze report results identifying opportunities and trends.
ability to be a self-starter, motivated, energetic worker with an interest in learning the healthcare system or other bi software.
proficiency with microsoft office, including excel, word and powerpoint.
good verbal and written communication skills.
good interpersonal and problem solving skills.
ba or bs in biostatistics, public health, statistics, mathematics, or health care or related field required.
experience with ms office applications required, especially strong excel skill.
experience with data management and analysis preferred.
during testing about 30, outside of testing about 5-10.
responsible for hands-on project work and development as part of a larger teamuse working knowledge of data concepts, to build efficient and effective solutions for clientsact as a project lead and problem-solver -completing projects with minimal client inputpull data from existing data sources and tables and push to end-users for reporting, analysisdocument the systems, processes, and logic required to expose the existing data setsreview project requirements and provided the skills and experience needed to deliverdeliver high-quality solutions integrating data from multiple different sourcesensure quality, consistency, security, accuracy, and usability of insights focused deliverablesdevelop front-end visualizations from discovery to requirements, to final change requestsreview requirements, data, design, ui, ux to ensure the project meets final specsdeliver impressive and impactful results to the end-client.
workanalytical data management skills w, the ability to navigate large data sets and complex logicorganized self-starter, positive attitude, excellent verbal, written, and communication skillsability to speak to technical and strategically complex topics smoothly and eloquentlyexperience managing relationships with clients and high comfort with key stakeholdersproactive with a strong bias for action and urgency;
gcc technologies, founded in 1997 with headquarters in oakland, maryland, is a fast growing service-disabled veteran owned small business and hubzone company with an outstanding record of performance providing more effective and efficient acquisition, business process, administrative and security services to multiple federal agencies.
advanced knowledge with power point and tableau preferred but not required.
4 years of experience with data analysis.
experience with microsoft excel, including pivot tables, macros, and ability to build dashboards.
experience with data visualization using excel and tableau.
experience with project management.
5+ years of relevant work experience: business analytics, kpi dashboard development, business performance analysis3+ year experience with investment platforms in fintech or banking environmentstrong data visualization and presentation skillsproficient with sql, r, python, tableau, excel, and powerpointstrong analytical, problem-solving and critical thinking skillsstrong stakeholder management skillsintellectual curiosity and aptitude to pick up new technical skillsability to initiate and drive projects to completion with minimal guidancebs or ideally ms, mba degree in computer science, finance, economics, math, physics, engineering or other quantitative fields.
prepare monthly and quarterly customized and standardized reports for the leadership teamcollect, analyze, evaluate and report data in support of ongoing business initiativesdevelop predictive metric reports and conduct analysisassist development, implementation, and management of budget and forecasts, as well as associated toolscoordinate reporting and forecasting process for all sales channelsinterpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reportsdevelop, implement, and maintain databases, data collection systems, data analytics that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityidentify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data setswork with management to prioritize business and information needsidentify and define new process improvement opportunities.
bachelor’s degree in business administration, computer science, finance, or math5+ years of work experience in operations, finance, or data analysisstrong analytical skills with strong attention to detail and accuracystrong knowledge of and demonstrated experience with bi tools, databases, sql, power bi, etc, and programming.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsknowledge of data statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing data setsability to break down complex data and perform root cause analysis to make recommendations to managementstrong communication skills, both written and verbalcompany descriptionprecision recruiting solutions group, llc is one of the fastest growing professional services firms based in pittsburgh, pa.
we specialize in providing qualified talent on a contract, contract to hire, direct hire and project basis within the accounting, finance and human resources verticals across a variety of industries.
create and execute basic and advanced queries in sql, pulling data from multiple tables, and ensuring data accuracy, i. e, data cleaning and manipulation.
prepare and analyze reports fulfilling project requests for various internal and external stakeholders.
be willing to further develop skills in research methods, project management, and statistical analyses.
ba, bs in a social science, mathematics, statistics, or other field with a strong quantitative research and methods component; ma, ms in relevant field preferred.
experience with databases, ability to understand relational data, as well as interpretation and manipulation of related data; experience with sql is essential.
excellent quantitative abilities, with experience and, or coursework in statistics.
experience with one or more statistical software programs, spss, sas, stata, r, etc, is a plus.
excellent computer skills, including an above average level of experience in excel, formulas, pivot tables, etc.
experience with, or willingness to learn, data visualization, tableau.
your principal responsibility is to participate within the performance assurance monitoring assisting other team members with sql queries automation necessary to extract, transform, or load data as part of integration and analysis development.
you will be responsible to cooperate with operations it team to deploy software and hardware upgrades that make it possible for us to leverage big data use cases.
you will be responsible for utilizing a variety of reporting tools and software, tableau and business objects, develops queries to generate reports andor gather data from multiple sources.
comprehensive knowledge of database administration, design, installation troubleshooting, experience performing indexes and stored procedure tuning handling security, backups and recovery.
extensive familiarity with sql queries.
analyze, design, build and support current and new data feeds from various data sources to the data warehouse.
writes and modifies sql queries, views and stored procedures for automation producing reports that track kpis performance metrics and systematizes automated reporting processes.
build dashboards, using tableau, python and other bi tools, that illustrate how key performance indicators, kpis, and metrics are changing over time.
3+ years of experience with at least one of the common industry data visualization tools, tableau, spotfire, business objects, power bi, etc, for data correlation, analysis, reporting, etc.
3+ years of experience of wireless network kpi monitoring, trouble shooting and optimization, prefer with wireless infrastructure providers and or operators.
3+ years hands on working experience with one of more wireless ems system building analysis reports using cmpmfm data advanced working knowledge of base station vendor equipment, samsung, alcatel lucent, ericsson, demonstrated problem solving skills via prior work experience.
a solid understanding of rf fundamentals and data network protocols must have a strong work ethic, integrity and work extremely well in a team environment must have an aptitude for creativity and innovation programming knowledge and experience a plus sql, python, r database design and administration a plus 3+ years working experience with one of more ems system advanced working knowledge of base station vendor equipment, samsung, alcatel lucent, ericsson, advanced working experience on microsoft excel, powerpivot, powerpoint strong interpersonal communication skills proven ability to manage multiple priorities in a fast paced environment operate a computer keyboard and view a video display terminal more than 75 of work time in an office work environment frequently works additional hours beyond normal schedule performs work under time schedules and stresses which are normally periodic or cyclical and include time sensitive job stress, fatigue, unpaid over-time, intellectual challenge, constant technical data feedback, language barriers, and project management stress.
position has complete access to confidential company data where disclosure may jeopardize the companys competitive position preferred skills tableau desktop certified professional certification, preferred, python, preferred, database administration certification, preferred, bilingual in korean, preferred, sga is a certified womens business enterprise, wbe, celebrating over thirty years of service to our national client base for both permanent placement and consulting opportunities.
setting proper expectations with the clientsinterpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reportsdevelop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and qualityacquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases, data systemsidentify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data setsfilter and clean data by reviewing computer reports, printouts, and performance indicators to locate and correct code problemswork with management to prioritize business and information needslocate and define new process improvement opportunitiesdevelop a sustainable, sometime automated process to obtaining, producing the right datadeveloping a reporting cadence with our clients to seamlessly deliver reports either on a daily, weekly, monthly or quarterly basis.
proficient with power bi. must be able to show proof of executive dashboards, recurring reports, and automation producedstrong expertise in dax language is also requiredcertified mcsa, mcse for bi reporting is a strong plus.
proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analysttechnical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniquesstrong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, power bi etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks, knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc, is a plus.
strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracyadept at queries, report writing and presenting findingsknowledge of machine learning and predictive modeling techniques is a plus.
conduct detailed quality checks, data validation and build long-term solutions to improve research, processes and data output.
communicate with clients and internal stakeholders to review, research or source data when necessary.
strong interest in big data, data analytics or research.
bachelors degree in accounting, finance, economics, math or related field preferred but not required.
1-3 years in quality assurance, quality control, data analysis, market research, retail or equivalent.
must have clear written and oral communication skills.
strong background in all ms office products, particularly with excel, powerpoint and word.
2. ability to extract data using a variety of commercially available tools including ms excel, ms sql tools, including the ability to learn new analytics tools such as tableau, power bi, etc.
ideal fit will be an excel guru comfortable with advanced data manipulation functions.
ability to create and maintain documentation relating to data management including training guides, report specifications, and data dictionaries.
ability to learn to write sql code using multiple tools such as sql server management studio or gui programs that assist with developing queries and reports.
- good communication and interpersonal skills.
must have proven problem solving and critical thinking skills.
light experience in writing sql statements or using a graphical user interface tool that writes sql statements.
intermediate to advanced level knowledge of microsoft office suite including excel, word.
required education:ba, bs in computer science, statistics, and, or public health or related field.
contribute to the development of dvs suite of data products and support ad-hoc data analysis requests from various internal teams, engineering, product, account managers, dataops and devops.
work with data engineers to design data models, improve data quality, perform discrepancy analysis, build reports, and automate decision making and workflow.
you have 5+ years of experience in data engineering, data analysis and data visualization.
proficient in sql preferably in vertica, hive, sparksql, bigquery or presto.
python, scala and spark experience is a plus.
you care about agile software processes, data-driven development, and responsible experimentation.
you have excellent communication skills and are a team player.
responsible for maintaining standards of data quality and data integrity in our electronic and hybrid systems.
strong analytical, troubleshooting, and problem solving abilities.
the data analyst will be responsible for creating, maintaining, and continuous improvement of key wholesale analysis and reports, using vba in excel, and working with internal partners on strategies.
• improve upon existing reporting by incorporating excel vba, and other automation.
• bachelors degree or higher in business analytics, statistics, economics, finance, or related field.
• intermediate computer skills including ms office with advanced skills in excel with knowledge of spreadsheet functionality including v-lookups, vba, pivot tables, macros, charts, and creating graphs.
• strong attention to detail and a passion for problem solving.
healthcare experiencehedis experience sql experiencesas experience.
titlejob descriptionprogram, project planning:
the ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and using models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action.
they must have strong experience using a variety of data mining, data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools, building and implementing models, using, creating algorithms and creating, running simulations.
-expert in development of tableau reports.
-mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies.
-develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
-use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
-investigates and corrects software defects and analyzes and maintains data quality.
-we are looking for someone with 5-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a bachelor’s or master’s degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science or another quantitative field, and is familiar with the following software, tools.
net, c, java, javascript, etc.
-knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques:
glm, regression, random forest, boosting, trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.
-experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages: r, python, slq, etc.
-experience using web services: redshift, s3, spark, digitalocean, etc.
-experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics: regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
with distributed data, computing tools: map, reduce, hadoop, hive, spark, gurobi, mysql, etc.
visualizing, presenting data for stakeholders using: tableau, cognos, power bi, etc.
-strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
-experience using statistical computer languages, r, python, slq, etc, to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets.
-hands on experience with sql query development, using analytical functions.
-knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques, clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc, and their real-world advantages, drawbacks.
-knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts, regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc, and experience with applications.
-excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.
-knowledge of the agile software development process.
-superb communication, written and oral, and interpersonal skills
strong experience with oracle, pl, sql.
knowledge of data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
reporting packages, databases, sql, etc, programming, javascript, etl. frameworks, etc.
statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large datasets, excel, spss, sas, etc.
· must be proficient in data insights data visualities and data analysis.
· define data standardization, consistency, taxonomy, drive data warehouse enhancements.
· drive definition and design of power bi reporting and dashboarding needs.
· be able to write sql queries.
job descriptionwe are looking for someone who is passionate about asking and answering questions utilizing large structured and unstructured data.
the responsibilities of the data analyst start from the initial project planning and progress to the analysis, design, implementation, testing, release and maintenance of our customer projects.
bachelor’s degree in business, finance, information technology, computer science, statistics, mathematics, analytics, related field or equivalent combination of education and experienceability to work independently and exercise a high degree of independent judgment; demonstrated self-starter2+ years working knowledge and experience with data, databases, reporting, or similarexperience with healthcare dataanalytical and problem-solving skillssql experiencebusiness intelligence software experience.
experience working in an agile software development environment.
key tasks provide data architectural leadership in developing enterprise dataprocess models, and logicalphysical database designs provide data and database development, maintenance, and production support participate in it and business project to define system requirements provide data and database development and maintenance for accounting teams
support all accounting teams using existing sql models and by developing new queries and models as required
top 3-5 daily responsibilities maintains validates financial data tables and models - monthly creates new queries as necessary on a timely basis responds immediately to all data inquiries from accounting teams working as integral key member of accounting teams and supported by the general accounting data team, clarity reporting unit, requirements 3-6 years of experience sql experience, minimum 3 years, business analysis business process modeling - enterprise to department level ability to interpret entity relationship diagrams ability to solve problems quickly as part of a team ability to remain calm in stressful situation team player - ability to work in large groups in a professional and effective manner ability to multi-task and work in a highly demanding and deadline driven environment self-startermotivator good communication skills positive attitude
strong organizational and tracking skills desired skills excel speed, efficiency and accuracy accountability kforce is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer.
communicate directly with clients, bxsi personnel to develop project timelines and manage deliverable expectations.
employ project management best practices when performing consulting studies and other mid- to large-scale projects.
knowledge of statistics and business.
microsoft office specialist in data management and analytics – excel, access,
sql.
oh. responsibilities programmatic support digital marketing support analyst to assist on a contract basis dashboard automation overlap of impressions across different campaigns, audiences, sites determining optimal frequency for different media types for low funnel path analysis optimization, this is a new feature in ads data hub, expand analysis of ad wasteoverexposure integration of programmatic and other digital marketing analytics requirements kforce is an equal opportunityaffirmative action employer.
support the applicable functional capabilities boards, fcb, provide technical analysis and architecture review support to insure key documents of the jcids process have integrated architecture products, to ensure the dod understands and evolves the linkages between capabilities and systems, and can make appropriate acquisition decisions and recommendations.
review dcrs, conops, icds, cdd, statements of capability, and bcl documents to in support of the kpp certification requirement to validate current dodaf architecture data or the optional kpp architecture data assessment template and spectrum requirements.
develop, monitor, and update kpp and dodaf architecture products and joint interoperability.
us citizen with a dod top secret clearancebachelors degree in economics, statistics, operations research, computer science, information systems, engineering or similar quantitative discipline demonstrating thorough knowledge of statistical analysis and techniques; customer, product and pricing analysis; business and operations analysis within operations; or risk analysis using quantitative techniquesminimum 15 years experience supporting military operations; operational experience includes planning and executing combined and joint operations at the theater or component level, knowledge of combat arms, all source intelligence analysis, logistics, civil-military operations, and sites area of responsibility or functional area and task related experienceminimum 5 years experience with jcids requirements development, product definition and design, and test planning and executionexperience with the planning, programming, budgeting and execution, ppbe, and joint capabilities integration and development system, jcids, processes graduation from intermediate level professional military education, command and general staff college or equivalent, experience in joint staff, office of the secretary of defense, osd, or combatant command, ccmd, experience highly preferred.
work with vendors and the internal software development team to retrieve and manage required data.
design tables in the data warehouse in such a way that enables drilldown reporting.
+ years creating reports in a bi tool.
at least 1 year of professional experience writing queries in sql, t-sql.
sql experience and r experience1+ years of analytical experiencestrong analytical and data mining skillscreative and alert to new ways of approaching tasksability to collaborate with committees to get desired resultshighly organized and proficient at multi-taskingadvanced experience in microsoft office toolsexperience with data visualization tools, tableau, power bi, company descriptionestablished in 1994 in indianapolis, indiana, fusion alliance is highly regarded as an enterprise solution provider, delivering the practical insights, engaging customer experiences, and human-driven technologies that transform the way our clients do business.
our job is to ensure every solution is seamless and secure - whether it is for big data, payment cards, government issued identification, mobile financial services or highly targeted direct marketing campaign management.
use basic programming and logic skills to create, update, and maintain data layouts and conversion scripts for various clients, python and foxpro are the main programming languages used.
meet the requirements and deadlines established for a given project.
actively participate in departmental and project design meetings.
effectively communicate project status with direct supervisor and functional project owner.
demonstrated programming experience in python and, or foxpro.
a team player with strong problem solving and organizational skills.
excellent verbal, written and interpersonal communication skills; the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of employees and a service orientation.
intermediate to advanced skills in microsoft word and excel.
identify and assess the business impact of trends develop, maintain, and troubleshoot complex scripts and reports developed using sql, microsoft excel, or other analytics tools lead the planning and execution of large-scale projects and new reporting tools, translating business goals into actionable solutions identify and resolve data, process, and technical issues and communicate root-cause with stakeholders as appropriate partner cross-functionally at all levels of the organization and effectively, both verbally and visually, communicate findings and insights to non-technical business partners independently engage with business leaders to understand market-specific levers and constraints leverage enterprise reporting tools to rapidly deliver data-driven insights and recommendations research key business problems and proactively identify opportunities for cost and utilization improvements through quantitative analysis communicate and present data-driven insights and recommendations to both internal and external stakeholders, soliciting and incorporating feedback when required mentor junior analysts on analytic best practices and business need fulfillment.
delegate tasks to junior analysts, providing guidance and validation where required qualifications educationexperience bachelorrsquos degree in business, economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial science, public health, health informatics, healthcare administration, finance or related field or equivalent experience.
5+ years of experience working with large databases, data verification, and data management or 3+ years it experience.
experience with table creation and indexing, query optimization, and utilization of stored procedures.
knowledge of query development using sql or other coding languages.
knowledge of basic statistical, analytical, or data mining techniques including basic data modeling, trend analysis, and root-cause analysis preferred.
working knowledge of analytical tools, including r, python, sas, arcgis, qgis, microstrategy, tableau, hadoop, or related tools preferred.
experience with reportdashboard development, datareport automation, self-service capabilities, data design and integration, or data quality and governance preferred
site name:posted date:development, improvement of data architecture for reporting, 50, development, analysis and reporting, 50, why you.
bachelors degree in computer science, computer engineering, engineering or business technology field with a focus on business intelligence, programmingat least, two years of experience in the maintenance and development of data models and reporting with large amounts of datadata server skills: microsoft sql server, azure, database shell scriptreporting, analytics skills: excel, visual basic, macros, sql, power bi, tableau, qlik, or similar.
in addition, familiarity with programming languages such as python and, or rhighly numerate and good knowledge of programming software, data management software.
effective communication and networking skills to interact across the organization.
operating at pace and agile decision-making using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
budgeting and cost-consciousness.
power bidata analysis services including data mining, data flow and process documentation, recommendation and potential development for remediationsuper strong in sql, ssis preferred.
bs degree preferredbasic understanding of wireless technologies 2g, 3g, ltesome data analytic experienceexcellent at excel, pivot tables, vlookup.
provide actionable strategic analysis for progressive nonprofits using advanced data-mining techniquesproduce data visualizations to convey findings to colleagues and clientsproduce automated reports using sqlincrease efficiency in storage and manipulation of dataclean, standardize and import data from numerous and diverse sources and clientsanalyze numerical and qualitative data to uncover trends and use critical-thinking to actualize strategic changeassist and provide advice to internal staff and clients to help construct suitable analytical methodology in order to achieve project objectivesother tasks as required.
strong candidates with 3-5 years of experience, knowledge of direct marketing fundraising preferred, experience with sql and sql server management studio, ssms, strong data mining skills including the development of code for varied one-off analysesability to solve problems using quantitative and qualitative methodsexperience working with large databases and datasets ability to improve computational performance through efficient scriptsspss, r and tableau desktop experience is desirable.
consistent professionalism and respectful communicationeagerness for learning and professional developmentoutstanding communication, including both listening and persuasionstrong problem-solving skillsenjoyment of collaborative, fast-paced environmentsexecution of responsibilities with minimal oversightmanagement of multiple projects and deadlinesconsideration of strategic objectives alongside immediate concernscollaboration with clients, partners and avalon team members.
provide technical leadership in developing and maintaining high-level design plans within the it architecture.
overall design of the enterprise data, information architecture with direct focus on enterprise data modeling and database designs.
develop a master data management and repository strategy to manage all enterprise information architecture artifacts, and ensure that existing data, information assets pre identified, maintained, and leveraged across the enterprise.
define data, information architecture standards, policies, and procedures for the organization, structure attributes, and nomenclature of data elements.
facilitate consistent business analysis, data acquisition and access analysis and design, database management systems, dbms, optimization, archive and recovery strategy, load strategy design and implementation, and security and change management at the enterprise level.
possess in-depth knowledge of standards and regulatory issues used to develop internal and external checks and controls that ensure proper governance, security, and quality of assets information.
possess the ability to translate strategic requirements to usable enterprise architecture information to develop solutions and provide consistent information assets across applications.
work with the solutions manager in the development of project scope definition, design and implementation plans to maximize allocation of team resources.
establish and enforce standards for enterprise-wide applications architecture, configuration and documentation.
participating in decision-making and working closely with data, solution and application architects as well as project pms.
conduct program, project reviews to identify and address data related issues or roadblocks.
develop and plan communication strategies to ensure activities and accomplishments are communicated to senior management, program stakeholders, and it teams.
12+ yearsbachelors degree; advanced degree preferred3-5 years experience with ms sql.
extensive knowledge of business systems management, project management, budget and human resource management, business intelligence, data warehouse technologies such as informatica, erwin and pl-sql.
can accurately scope out length and difficulty of tasks and project segments; sets objectives and goals; breaks down work into the process steps; develops schedules and task, people assignments; anticipates and adjusts for problems and roadblocks; measures performance against goals; evaluates results.
excellent verbal and written communication skills to technical and non-technical audiences of various levels in the organization, executive, management, individual contributors.
ability to estimate work effort for project sub-plans or small projects and ensure the project is successfully completed.
drive business and technical requirements in order to improving data analysis.
a bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics or related field.
strong math and analysis skills.
experience with statistical tools like r, sas, matlab, spss, stata and reporting tools such as highcharts.
experience writing sql queries.
5+ years experience in sql and manipulating large data sets in a database.
2+ years of expertise of data analysis using python, spark in aws cluster.
5+ year of qa expertise in ensuring quality of data in data warehouse loaded from various data sources.
preferred expertise in building key data pipelines using aws analytical services like s3, ec2, emr, glue, athena.
2+ year of experience in working with dba team to fix query performance issues in oracle data warehouse.
2+ year of experience in providing production support for any data quality issues in data warehouse.
excited to learn new technologies and analytical methodologies relating to business intelligence and data analysis.
knowledge of aws cloud configuration.
knowledge of multi-tenant data warehouse for saas.
automation of data cleaning and validation.
natural language processing.
sr analyst requires 5-7 years of data analysis experience, the data analyst for enterprise strategy business solutions development will be responsible for developing and maintaining technology analysis and reporting utilizing business intelligence tools.
this role will research and share key insights on technology data management, business and technology improvement opportunities that align with organizationrsquos strategic objectives and allow the business to achieve performance goals.
transform digital technology data into presentable findings using data visualization techniques.
identify data validation requirements and coordinate the development, testing and implementation of the related solutions consult with business and technology partners on data quality issues.
research and share key insights on data analysis with business value potential that align with strategic objectives and will allow the business to achieve breakthrough performance.
basic qualifications bachelorrsquos degree in business administration, it, data analytics or related field proficiency and experience with aws and sql two, 2, years, jr, or 5 more years, sr, data analysis experience computer analytic and problem
ability to prepare technical reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends proficiency with various web-based software applications including microsoft office word, excel, powerpoint, sharepoint, data management etc.
experience with data integration, data quality assurance, data profiling, and data processing.
experience with database platforms such as sql server and oracle.
knowledge of guidewire data model systems, claimcenter, policycenter, billingcenter, datahub, infocenter, is a plus, preferred, familiarity with hipa, ccpa, and pii best practices is a plus experience designing and creating ods databases, star schema data marts, and relational databases experience with snowflake and s3 is a plus, optional would be nice,
we are looking for good sparksql data engineers-analysts for our client in de. need to have good technical skills and great presentation and communication skills.
details 6 positions for data engineersanalysts data analysis, heavy sql, analyzing existing sql scripts, connecting to data sources and mapping to new source integrate sql and spark sql scripts and map to existing pipeline existing pipeline may need to be modified, will need to know spark and aws, need solid problem solving skills, minimum of 2-3 yrs, but years doesnt matter, will work on various data metrics products, analyzing various data sources and creating corresponding metrics using sql to build and validate thanks and regards,
required skills 2+ years experience as a data analyst s required experience with sql queries is highly desired must have strong analytical skills and strong attention to detail experience with data lineage within systems is a plus but not required must have strong communication and collaboration skills must have a strong business sense to be able to communicate with various business teams must have the ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks within expectations and balancing multiple priorities
company profile beacon hill technologies, a premier national information technology staffing group, provides world class technology talent across all industries on a contract, direct, permanent, contract-to-direct and project basis.
beacon hill technologies covers a broad spectrum of it positions, including project management and business analysis, programmingdevelopment, database, infrastructure, quality assurance, productionsupport and erp roles.
work supports organizational performance improvement, effective resource management, clinical compliance, retrospective overviews, and forecasting.
bachelors degree in business, finance, computer science or related field, and three years of directly related experience, and proven development and, or programming of enterprise applications in a microsoft framework, preferably including sharepoint and sql server development, and one year of experience providing clinical and business system analysis support in an integrated healthcare system environment or for a major electronic patient record vendor, preferably cerner.
love databases and data visualizations you enjoy writing sql to gather your data points and making them come alive through tableau data visualizationcompelling storyteller as an analyst, you know that the beauty is in the details, but you also understand how each piece of the analytics puzzle fits together to form actionable recommendations that will knock your clients socks offcurious you want to know why a program performs well or doesnt and dont mind getting your hands dirty when tackling the underlying datainnovator you take pride in building things and seeing your ideas through to the end-product,
whether its a tableau dashboard, an excel output, or an elegant sql code solutionadaptable you are flexible and understand that clients needs can change mid-task.
3+ years of experience in marketing analytics, with proven success in designing analytical approaches to understand key business behaviors that drive acquisition, retention, and engagementproficiency in sql on the job experience collaborating with architects on table design to support tableau reporting and ad hoc requests.
the bulk of our work is done in sql.
proficiency in tableau on the job experience with creating dynamic tableau dashboards.
bachelor’s degree in information management, statistics, finance and, or healthcare related field; or combination of equivalent training, education and experience.
two years experience in data mining, extraction, analysis and reporting using structured query language, analyzer, data and report writing tools such as ms query analyzer, sql enterprise manager, pl, sql, aqua data, crystal reports or sql reporting services.
master’s degree with a focus in information management, statistics, healthcare related field; or equivalent training, education and experience.
one year of experience using statistical software such as spss, sas or other analysis tools.
perform research and analysis on large back-end data sets using a combination of querying, business intelligence and proprietary tools.
participate in the company’s agile development process, documenting requirements and interfacing with development team members.
excellent communication skills in-person, over the phone and via email.
experience using business intelligence software for data analysis and reporting.
experience using microsoft sql server.
at least 2 years of professional experience as a data analyst or bi analystat least 2 years experience at a hedge fund, investment management firm, fixed income asset management firm, or fintech company focused on capital marketsproficiency using excel, sql, bloomberg ect.
develop an understanding for security attributes and their impact across departments and firm functions develop a deep understanding of asset classes.
across contingent, retained, and project solutions, our service is unrivaled; speaking to our level of service provision, search accuracy, and flexibility.
maintain and evolve sql scripts that support etl data pipelinemodel performance to determine key drivers and predict successpartner with boncom teams to conduct in-depth quantitative analyses that guide strategic decisionsmake recommendations based on detailed analysis and understanding of client’s businessbuild and maintain reports, models, and visualizations which provide insight into campaign performancecontribute to team culture through peer collaboration, training, coaching.
4+ years experience working in quantitative or analytical roleba, bs degree, preferably in information systems, economics, statistics, math, or computer scienceproficiency using sql to query large datasetsexperience with building dashboards in tableau and tableau serversharp business judgment and the ability to see past the noisestrong communicator with the ability to explain technical results to a non-technical audienceproven ability to solve complex problemsability to detect and debug anomalies in complex data processescuriosity to learn new skills and apply them in novel ways to solve challenging problemscomfortable presenting to internal and external audiences.
advanced degree with an emphasis in data analyticsproficiency with scripting languages, python, javascript, proficiency with programming languages, r, familiarity with apis, rest, soap.
analytic and relentless in pursuit of the right answerstrong communicators who excel at rapid synthesisable to demonstrate sound business judgmentable to digest complexity while maintaining an understanding of the “big picture” of business needsteam players who are energized by a collaborative enterprise.
work to implement effective changes to policies, processes, forms, and tools per program initiatives maintain metadata tables used to update bi reports to show sales by sets of titles, etc.
develop and provide monthly reporting data and analysis for program monthly business reviews, mbrs, develop and provide quarterly data for publisher digital days reporting extract data from bi sales reports to build out analysis of publisher performance comparison analytics yoy variance of actual to forecast for both c2c and csv
the data analyst is adept at working with business and systems partners to translate project, business requirements reports, data sets, data services and data interfaces.
 partner with internal data governance teams to master existing and new 3rd party data.
meet with customers, product management, sales and it development groups to determine the project requirements and negotiate timelines and deliverables.
 bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics or business or the equivalent in work experience.
hands on skills working with sql and, or other data querying, wrangling tools.
 ability to collaborate effectively and work as part of an agile team.
 experience with r, python for data wrangling.
 data design and, or data management experience is a plus.
 business intelligence, reporting development experience using tools such as tableau, cognos.
 experience working with database management systems, oracle, ms-sql, db2, etc.
machine learning and aritificial intelligence experience is a pluscompany descriptiongemaire distributors is a fully owned subsidiary of watsco, inc
as one of watsco’s four subsidiaries, gemaire distributes top-quality hvac, r equipment and supplies from more than 90 locations in ten states including florida, georgia, north carolina, texas, virginia, alabama, louisiana, california, nevada and arizona.
this individual has the primary responsibility of data collection, cleansing, modeling, and reporting of results.
timely completion of data mining, cleansing, and modeling of transactional and financial data from client databases, i. e, oracle, sap, jd edwards, that ties to, matches gl account, financial statements.
create best-in-class, compelling visualization of data, dashboards, tools and reports that supports the interpretation and merchandising of conclusions that drives key decisions for client management.
evaluate existing templates and tools and participate in design, development and testing to enhance functionality and capabilities.
mba preferred3+ years management consulting or industry experience with supply-chain, logistics or operations with emphasis in business intelligenceproficiency with microsoft excel, access, and vbastrong knowledge of sql, data visualization and bi dashboard software.
data mapping, data definitions and business rules, mapping requirements to source data, etc, and data profilingunderstanding of statistical analysis and applications, sas, r. knowledge, skills and abilities.
strong analytical and organization skills with respect to supply chain activitiesextensive experience analyzing complex or disparate customer financial and operational dataability to interpret analysis results using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independentlyable to speak proficiently with both it and business audiences as it relates to project deliverablesability to develop, sustain and proactively manage value-added customer relationshipscapability to thrive in a fast-paced environmentability to solve complex business issuesdemonstrated ability to adapt quickly to changing customers and multi-task multiple projectsproven initiative, drive and focus on detailgeneral knowledge of mainframe system architecture, sap, oracle, ability to work effectively within and across teams.
do integration testing for the ingestion pipelines, analyze and resolve data discrepancy issues between sources to compose which are not related to ingestion framework code.
update s3 bucket policies relevant to newly added sources, tables.
update s3 lifecycle policies to move archived objects to glacier.
big data | data analytics | hadoop.
smart, self-starter data warehouse - data analyst needed for analyzing data stored in analytics dwh tables and identifying insights based on the data flowing in from different source systems, used primarily for monitoring analytics.
you will interact with senior leaders from the tech unit to present insights based on the data stored with potential areas of improving efficiency and optimization.
• mandatory - sql experience, expert level, data warehouse sql.
• experience in working on dwh – snowflake, teradata, ibm netezza, oracle exadata.
analytical thinking capabilities and advanced communication skills is a must.
python programming experience will be good to have.
bi tool exposure – tableau, thought spot, quick sight is a nice to have
responsible for data validation in excel.
monitor and report testing results to management, as defined by sla’s.
good communication skills, analytical skills and understanding of the health environment required.
proficiency in microsoft excel, formulas, macros etc.
experience with data retrieval applications, i. e. sql, sas, alteryx.
familiar with facets, backend tables etc.
familiar with reporting tools, business objects, tableau.
practical knowledge of planning and business development and analysis techniques required.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
healthcare domain: 1 year, preferred, microsoft excel, formulas, macros etc, : 4 years, required, data retrieval applications :
3 years, preferred, data analysis: 5 years, required.
the data management team is responsible for governance over trading related data including security attributes, position-level characteristics, and risk metrics.
you are willing to take the time to learn how security attributes impact the departments listed above.
financial products are something you are passionate about including bonds, structured products, loans, cds, equities, options, etc. proficiency with excel, or bi tools, helpful to have experience with bloomberg and sql.
responsible for leading sheetz data and information strategy through data analysis and visualization in order to facilitate and enhance organizational decision-making and data utilization across the company.
assist in the creation of policies and procedures for the access, analysis and visualization of data and associated business insights; partnering with it and risc.
bachelors degree in economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial, data, computer science or related field required.
minimum 3 years demonstrated experience in data modeling, optimization, and application to business strategies required.
thorough understanding of the latest data mining, machine learning and, or artificial intelligence techniques required.
role-data analyst with sql.
our client is looking for a candidate with 1+years of relevant experience with sql experience.
high level of aws experience.
python knowledge or experience.
support the data mining, reporting and general analytics needs of the fcc department.
assist fcc stakeholders in conducting data validation and other system testing, as needed.
at least 4 years working with data modeling, software implementation, enhanced reporting analytics and, or related experience in financial services data analysis and, or application development.
mastery of analytic and data visualization tools such as sas, sql, adobe analytics, formerly omniture site catalyst, tableau, ibm digital analytics, formerly coremetrics, google analytics, webtrends, python or r, etc.
effective and persuasive presentations, verbal and written, for project teams and business leaders.
solid understanding of data warehouse and dimensional modeling concepts
strong math background.
excellent excel background.
experience in using microsoft power bi a plus.
ability to research for answers and solutions.
excel:
power bi: 2 years, preferred.
advanced excel skills, beyond just vlookups and pivot tables, – knows how to aggregate data sources and make data tell a story.
sql skills, sql server.
drive and support an enterprise data management project from vision to delivery and into maintenance and optimization.
think outside the box for creative problem solving, know how to find existing solutions to common problems.
sql, advance excel, aggregate data sources, : 5 years, required.
data analysis: 7 years, required,
in addition to technical skills, we are looking for analysts who can communicate clearly and express ideas in verbal discussion, client communication, technical documentation, and architectural reviews.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
2+ years of experience in data, analytics, or a related function involving quantitative data analysis to solve problems.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with business intelligence and data visualization tools, domo, tableau etc, databases, amazon redshift, postgres etc, and programming, sql, python, r etc.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
3m funding from spark capital, matrix partners, and playground global, owl labs has created the meeting owl, a 360° smart video conferencing camera that sits in the center of the table and uses robotics algorithms to automatically highlight different people as they talk.
must have a ts or cbp bi, customs and border protection; no other clearance is applicable.
9yrs+ yrs data analysis experience.
help design and execute project sprints using advanced analytic tools to test and model relationships on specific topics of interest.
building visualizations of the reports to meet customer needs, running regressions, and performing time series analysis.
effectively use excel, access, and r with tableau and powerbi.
experience with stata, r, spss or equivalent.
experience with tableau, power bi and equivalent data analytic tools.
experience with statistics, ai, or machine learning desirable.
use software tools, minitab, r, etc, to examine datasets and identify outliers, trends, and relationships through rigorous statistical analysis.
data analysis: 9 years, required.
ts or cbp bi, required.
do you have a degree in business, finance, math, statistics, or economics.
job title: data analyst with strong sql server and any erp experience.
· strong expertise on sql server.
we are looking for talented individuals that possess a unique combination of business acumen, technical skills, securities industry knowledge as well as strong interpersonal skills in order to provide technical data analysis and innovative problem solving skills.
the role entails in depth data analysis and collaborating with data team co-workers and customer service representatives to drive automation and efficient and timely data processing.
in this role, you will be a key part of the data analysis team which is highly visible and plays a critical role in achieving overall company goals.
work independently and extensively with sql in data processing.
process and analyze data to ensure accuracy and completeness via sql.
research inquiries, validate data patterns and solve complex business problems using sql.
background in financial industry oriented information systems or medical data, math, statistics, economics or finance.
must have a working knowledge of sql, writing sql queries and proficiency in ms excel.
detail oriented with exceptional analytical and creative problem solving ability with strong written and verbal communication skills.
excel:
sql: 2 years, required.
data analysis: 2 years, required.
analyze customer data to provide historic results and trends as well as forecasting measures to management.
identify data collection, process improvement and automation opportunities that improve future analytics or customer underwriting criteria.
perform data mining and aggregating, querying multiple data sources such as excel and tableau.
we are looking for hard working, analytically proficient and excel savvy candidates who have a passion for using data to optimize our business solutions, processes and procedures.
ideal field of study: statistics, business analytics, finance, economics or related field.
prior experience in data analysis desired.
advanced skills in excel required; v-lookup, pivot tables, complicated formulas etc.
technical knowledge of tableau, sql, r, python, aws solutions and statistical analysis techniques and methodologies.
you’ll play a key role in analyzing data generated by our users as well as providing insights for a wide variety of internal teams, product, growth, clinical, commercial, finance, research, and large enterprise customers.
building and maintaining key company dashboards in mode, our primary bi tool.
setting definitions and writing sql queries that go directly into our roll-up tables, views.
3+ years experience in a cross-functional, data analysis role.
sql proficiency required; python a nice-to-have.
prior experience with bi, visualization tools, mode, tableau, looker, etc, a must.
familiarity with applied statistics pertaining to hypothesis-driven experiments.
ba, bs, preferably in business analysis, applied statistics, or similar focus area.
hands-on data engineering, etl experience.
· consume, analyze and manage data using sas, r, sql and other statistical programming languages as required.
· transform results of statistical analyses into consumable reports in excel, powerpoint, etc.
· bachelor’s degree in a quantitative discipline, statistics, mathematics, economics, finance, operations research, engineering, etc.
· experience with microsoft office applications, excel, powerpoint, word, etc.
· experience in sas programming is preferred.
· experience in r is preferred.
· experience in statistical modeling is preferred.
· experience in sql programming is preferred.
· experience in bi tools, tableau, qlik, powerbi, etc, is preferred.
good organizational, written and verbal communication skills.
proficient in excel.
excel: 2 years, required.
retrieve, manipulate, and validate pricing and merchandising data into actionable outputs both in conjunction with our sql data warehouse team and on your own.
automate various reporting, email distribution, and light application tasks in sql, access, excel, and outlook using python and powershell.
bachelor’s degree required, computer science, mathematics, analytics, or statistics preferred.
proven ability to develop in sql.
intermediate microsoft excel skills including vlookups, formulas, and pivot tables required.
experience using python, r, crystal reports, and, or tableau preferred.
self-directed time and project management skills required.
if working for a company that fosters open communication within a culture that is superior to other employers, then we want you.
data analyst will be a key support role for account management, am, business development, bd, clinical care, cc, and executive teams.
scope of responsibility includes data preparation for analysis and reports for client adhoc requests, analysis and reports for standard client rx review reports, new client repricing reports, power bi dashboards, and quality audits.
utilizes sql server data modeling, programs, and queries to prepare and analyze data from i. r. i. s. analyticstm, dynamics crm, or vendor databases.
builds both customer facing and internally facing dashboards in powerbi, excel, or powerpoint.
continuously research and document processes to respond quicker and more accurately to broker reprice requests.
provide data analysis so the client can thoroughly understand basis for cost drivers.
create client summary into powerpoint and, or excel presentations.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
enterprise data quality analyst – customer data domain - usc gch only.
the enterprise data quality analyst - customer data domain requires a candidate with strong data management background who understands data, data ingestion, proper use, consumption, data quality, and stewardship.
in this role you will perform data quality processes, measurements and analyses to assess patterns, identify root cause, define data quality rules, champion automated measurement and partner with stakeholders to identify data improvement opportunities.
implement data quality rules, automated measurement, monitoring, issues management framework, operational dashboards, and predictive models for proactive data quality assessment and identification of improvement opportunities.
work with source systems and downstream data consumers to apply advanced data quality techniques through automation to remediate issues, and implement processes to monitor data quality risks, including.
analyzing data quality results.
triaging data quality issues and creating remediation plans.
evaluating and quantifying business impact of data quality issues and making recommendations for data improvements including required process and system changes.
develop data quality policies, procedures, best practices, and related knowledge content.
collaborate with stakeholders to ensure data quality best practices are implemented across enterprise data assets.
orchestrate data quality work within the agile framework and other methodologies where required for on-time delivery of data quality measures and results to stakeholders.
5+ years’ experience of doing data quality analysis, root cause investigations, and remediation, not application testing.
5+ years’ experience working with data tools such as sql, r, python, sas, looker, tableau, hue and toad.
experience and working knowledge of data in a healthcare data management environment.
experience in migrating manual data quality processes to an automated, sustainable framework.
partner with product managers to create, develop and integrate product testing and shape product roadmap trajectory.
align closely with business units to develop analysis and predictive modeling to drive critical organizational decisions and developments.
build and refine data structure from the ground up with a data engineering team.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics or mathematics.
3+ years experience in a data analytics or statistical modeling oriented role.
strong knowledge of sql, python, r or other mathematical programming languages.
proven experience with statistical modeling techniques and, or ml techniques.
proven track record working with new and unstructured data sets.
california applicants: please click here to view our california consumer privacy act, “ccpa, notice for applicants, which describes your rights under the ccpa: https, www.
com, plp, legal, privacy-notice-for-applicants.
uses the division of human genetics data management platform and high-performance computing resources at the ohio supercomputer center to execute research-related queries and prepare large and complex phenotypic and genomic data sets for analysis; performs standard biostatistical analyses under the direction of supervisor; analyzes genetic and genomic data via variant filtering, parametric or nonparametric linkage, complex segregation or family- or population-based association under the direction of supervisor; utilizes git, literate programming, r sweave, and other techniques to document data provenance and analysis steps to ensure reproducibility; uses issue- and time-tracking systems to document work progress; summarizes and presents data analysis to division faculty and staff; collaborates with division faculty and staff on manuscripts.
bachelors degree in biostatistics, statistics, or a similar field with relevant mathematical training or equivalent combination of education and experience required; minimum 3 years experience programming in high-level languages, perl, python, sql, r, bash shell, querying and summarizing data, performing statistical analysis, or a combination thereof; experience using statistical and genetic data analysis software, r, sas, plink, preferred.
do you have minimum 3 years experience programming in high-level languages, perl, python, sql, r, bash shell, querying and summarizing data, performing statistical analysis.
2 years of project management or consulting experience.
experience as an analyst or in an analytical role using sql, python, or r. preferred qualifications.
advanced sql skills and intermediate to advanced scripting skills in either python or r. about the job.
create tableau dashboards to visualize data.
must have basic sql knowledge.
fluency in microsoft office suite, outlook, excel, word, powerpoint, etc.
we offer professional staffing services for business consulting, project management, software solutions, implementation, and development across all it disciplines.
power bi or tableau and sql proficiency is required.
collaborate with stakeholders to focus business objectives and define analysis requirements, including dimensions, measures, filters, and visualization.
use tools and programming languages like power bi, tableau, microsoft excel, and sql to create and iterate on solutions that empower operational and exploratory analysis.
effectively communicate with technical teams and business stakeholders, and use agile methodology to deliver value-added solutions in a timely fashion.
develop and maintain protocols to evaluate data quality and ensure accuracy of kpis, reports and dashboards.
evaluate internal systems for inefficiencies and inaccuracies, and support a data quality program to deliver resolutions and, or protocols for handling, processing and cleaning data.
proficiency in power bi, sql, and microsoft excel required.
strong written and oral communication skills.
experience with data management, specifically with validating and auditing data and reports from multiple systems.
ba, bs in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization, computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering, or statistics, or equivalent work experience.
power bi: 1 year, required.
describe how you have used sql in your prior roles.
currently enrolled in or graduated from an accredited bachelors degree program in engineering, statistics, mathematics, computer science or marketing emphasizing scientific inquiry.
top notch critical thinking and communication skills.
experience using ms power bi, tableau or sql a plus.
must be computer literate with proficiency in ms word, ms excel, ms powerpoint and ms outlook with the ability to learn new computer systems.
reporting to the vice president of data analytics, the manager of healthcare data analytics will lead and work with a team of sas healthcare data analysts to support the mhn analytic platform.
6 + years of experience using base sas, sas, macros, and sql required.
expertise in analytics, statistics, data visualization, and programming.
bachelor’s degree in data analytics, economics statistics, public health or related program with a quantitative emphasis required, master’s preferred.
the data analyst who is able to turn project requirements into custom-formatted data reports.
designing and automating reporting using excel and power bi.
excellent communication skills.
1-2 years of total progressive experience with business intelligence, data analysis software,
especially power bi.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
the senior healthcare data analyst position involves programming, data mining and analysis of healthcare data with an emphasis on medical economics, clinical and financial reporting.
management, maintenance, and design of integration strategies regarding eligibility and empanelment including data quality, reporting and retention initiatives.
experience developing visualizations and working with bi tools.
4 – 10 years of experience using base sas, sas, macros, and sql. required education.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, public health, information systems, computer science, or a comparable program with a quantitative emphasis.
sas: 4 years, preferred.
advanced microsoft excel:
this position will work closely with the data analysis manager to develop dashboards and reports for both internal staff members and outside agencies.
skills and experience in analyzing data, problem solving, report writing and formatting, extracting data from various sources, inspecting, and cleaning data to discover useful information.
minimum 2 years work experience in community healthcare with a demonstrated working knowledge of quality and data management in the healthcare arena.
expertise in research methodology, data analysis, database management and outcomes studies strongly preferred.
ability to articulate, teach and promote principles and concepts of data management and continuous quality improvement.
working proficiency in data management and reporting platforms, to include, but not limited to.
proficiency required in ms word and excel.
experience utilizing office 365 package, tableau, power bi solution or similar software to manage, analyze and report data would be desirable.
commitment to continuous quality improvement working with co-workers in a team oriented collaborative governance model.
data mining: 1 year, required.
we are looking for a data analyst with skills in sql data extraction, data exploration and data integration that will be used to create interactive cloud-based analytic visualizations and dashboards for internal operations, quality, finance and executive use.
sql and sas proficiency.
linux familiarity.
strong interpersonal and oral and written communication skills, and the ability to build and maintain relationships with customers and colleagues.
sql experience - epic clarity, mysql, ms sql, etc.
sas experience.
cloud experience – azure, google cloud, etc.
familiarity or experience with agile - jira, safe agile framework.
experience with power bi.
exposure or experience with programming languages and frameworks – java, c, javascript, jquery, html, css, python, r, scala, spark, sas, etc.
exposure to or experience with building tableau interfaces and dashboards.
you’ll use problem-solving skills, sound logic, and data tools like sql, in order to identify and evaluate trends, determine real value of team initiatives, and clearly communicate results and outcomes.
work with product, live ops, game design, engineering, marketing, dbas and other teams to deliver actionable insights into our games in order to improve our user acquisition, engagement and monetization, including creating and updating sql queries and tableau, excel, google sheet dashboards.
design, implement, organize and analyze advanced statistical testing for specific problem-solving needs, a, b testing.
participate in data retention management processes, including defining and updating retention policies and creating, updating tables to optimize data analysis workflow and cost.
bs or ms in analytics, business intelligence, finance, statistics or computer science, or other analytical discipline.
experience using sql, including complex queries from multiple data sources.
strong communication and presentation skills, including extensive use of chart and table tools.
familiarity with data and bi presentation tools, tableau, excel, pivot tables.
experience with python, javascript, java or other programming language.
parley for the oceans is seeking a data management intern to join the crew part-time in our new york global headquarters.
assist in data analysis and tracking, media content organization, and creation of reports.
experience in data management, analyses, statistics, and, or informatics.
data management: 2 years, preferred.
execute, maintain, and troubleshoot existing scripts and reports developed using sql, microsoft excel, or other analytics tools.
support the design, testing, and implementation of process enhancements and identify opportunities for automation.
bachelor’s degree in business, economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial science, public health, health informatics, healthcare administration, finance or related field or equivalent experience.
0-2 years of experience in working with large databases, data verification, and data management.
working knowledge of sql or similar coding language.
working knowledge of analytical tools, including r, python, sas, arcgis, qgis, microstrategy, tableau, hadoop, or related tools preferred.
four, 4, years of experience programming using sql and oracle tools.
four, 4, years of experience with spreadsheet programs such as microsoft excel, 2013 or higher, to perform merges, sorting, importing, exporting, parsing, and formatting.
intermediate knowledge of database structures, relational databases, current query languages, data analysis and object-oriented programming.
sql
data analysis:
strong knowledge of and experience with sql and reporting package pentaho.
knowledge of advanced microsoft excel, power b1 and tableau.
data quality.
· comply with all information governance requirements.
· conduct data quality audits as necessary.
· work with managers to develop appropriate reports and audits of system usage and data quality.
· work with director, it in the implementation and maintenance of software, testing upgrades, version control and compatibility with associated hardware and software for the systems.
data analysis.
· research in relation to analysis of existing data to propose system changes to better meet service needs.
sql and reporting package pentaho: 2 years, required.
identify, communicate, troubleshoot, and resolve data quality issues affecting fulfillment of business requirements.
extract and communicate actionable intelligence from structured data in sql server as well as unstructured data using advanced data mining techniques.
liaise with other departments to understand project requirements, guide and develop interdepartmental processes to improve data quality, and guide the appropriate and effective use of data to improve overall company performance.
demonstrated experience writing t-sql queries, including ddl, dql, dml, and dcl, views, stored procedures, and functions to accomplish analytical tasks as well as troubleshoot and resolve issues in complex data flow processes.
demonstrated experience in excel as well as tableau and, or microsoft powerbi to extract and.
demonstrated ability to design bi deliverables including dashboards and visualizations to present.
experience with data mining and visualization tools such as those found in r, python, and, or d3.
experience with complex etl systems and processes including sql server integration services, ssis, transactional and data warehouse environments, basic knowledge of api integration, and.
our project teams work with federal agencies to quickly solve mission-critical problems by identifying, designing, and implementing technology enabled solutions to improve their strategies and operations.
we are looking for data analysts with experience in data integration and, or migration experience with microsoft azure enterprise data environment.
the candidate must possess superb communication, analytical and time management skills.
ability to set up reporting tools and build reports and ad hoc functionality using microsoft power bi.
research on technology frameworks and products and strategize what the best practices are in relation to application security, integration and content management.
excellent experience in developing and understanding of data modeling, sql and etl.
3 years of applications and data, solutions analysis experience in microsoft azure enterprise data environment, ede, and common data service, cds.
enterprise data analytical and data visualization experience using technologies such as tableau, microsoft power bi.
data wrangling and data modeling using relational database like, sql, and query syntax.
a bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics, or equivalent required.
applications and data, solutions analysis on ms azure: 3 years, preferred.
to design and implement complex etl processes for the data management and quality program.
the position is responsible for recommending and adopting best practices to ensure high data quality standards are maintained and redundancy is reduced.
create logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy.
perform reverse engineering of physical data models from databases and sql scripts.
guide system analysts, engineers, programmers and others on project limitations and capabilities, performance requirements and interfaces.
bachelor’s degree with 7+ years of work experience in design and implementation of data models for complex data warehouse initiatives.
proficiency with some leading data profiling tools, such as sql, bi tools, etc.
experience with enterprise data warehouse initiatives including data model development, semantic, data access layer development, reporting and dashboard creation; developing solutions for shared data usage.
advanced decision making and problem solving skills.
strong analytical, problem solving, and work management skills.
proficient in ms office, word, excel, access, powerpoint, ms project, visio, sharepoint.
become comfortable using sql to manipulate data trust’s data into meaningful reports and databases for clients.
an ideal candidate will be professional, reliable and display strong communication skills.
proficiency in microsoft excel.
the data analyst will be responsible for collecting, consolidating, administering and delivering repeatable standard and customized metrics and data reporting utilizing standardized methods, such as bi tools and other template reporting formats.
the analyst should be fluent in the use of data management applications; i. e. sql, microsoft excel and access; will collect, monitor and report on key metrics and build and maintain department level scorecards; build ad-hoc reports and generate conclusions that drive decision making.
collaborates with various departments and key stake holders to create specifications for data reports, file imports and exports from data warehouse and production applications.
reviews data quality, liaising with appropriate suppliers to resolve any output, data mapping issues and refers to service level agreements, sla, where applicable.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, information science, or computer science required.
a minimum of 2 years of prior experience in roles such as, data analysis, business analyst, or data analyst.
strong sql skills, microsoft sql server and t-sql.
advanced excel skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
project management experience is a plus.
tableau, qlik, domo, insight squared.
designs and utilizes research instruments and procedures; compiles the results and evaluates.
program and service needs; identifies data quality issues and recommends changes for.
recommend proper accounting and budgeting treatments for financial transactions and.
preferred qualifications: 2 years of responsible professional work experience which includes research.
analysis, evaluation, planning, project management, law enforcement duties, or a closely related area.
perform system integration, regression and user acceptance testing of computer applications.
u. s. bank is seeking a data and reporting analyst with strong sql experience to contribute toward the success of our technology initiatives.
perform data extraction and data manipulation for quality control testing and issues management teams.
three to four years of data analysis experience.
experience in sql, webfocus or other bi tool for querying data and for data.
management, business partners and project sponsors, as well as.
strong organization and project management skills.
effective interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills.
if you love analysis, data insights, technical execution, and thrive in an environment of project ownership then we want to hear from you.
innovate and implement large-scale quality improvements to processes and, or systems by conducting data analysis and making recommendations, troubleshooting technical issues, and refining processes around customer support.
other ad-hoc analysis and special project requests.
must be earning a bachelor’s or master’s degree in mathematics, computer science, data science, finance, statistics or related major.
demonstrate excellent interpersonal communication skills.
intermediate excel experience, vlookup, index, match, pivots, and charts.
statistics, sql, and familiarity with data visualization tools.
· identify, correct, and, or assist in resolution of data quality errors.
· assist in problem solving and formulation of performance improvement strategies related to compliance with measurement specifications.
as a data quality analyst at edo, youll be focused on maintaining correct metadata throughout all aspects of the business - from grooming our brand-product taxonomy to correcting mistakes made during our offshore ad-review process.
documenting data quality processes.
testing tools as they are developed.
some experience in sql, interest in learning r or python.
as a junior data analyst, you will be trained on proper testing of data being collected and added to the c3 metrics platform.
prepare daily qa tracker includes data entry, data analysis and preparing a spreadsheet.
bachelors degree preferred in computer science, business, economics, math or equivalent work experience.
experience working with statistical analysis and databases, sql, nosql.
strong experience with excel and microsoft suite of products.
solution oriented, problem solving mindset.
this person will use tools such as microsoft excel, sql, tableau and programming languages such as python or r to provide analyses for data-driven decision- making.
perform ad-hoc business analyses and statistical modeling to detect sales patterns and understand customer shopping behaviors.
+ gpa in analytics, math, computer science, or other relevant disciplines.
proficient in sql.
proficient in programming languages such as python or r. proficient in microsoft excel, pivot table, advanced formula, etc.
proficient in data visualization tolls such as tableau.
i. data science, research.
developed custom computational tools to analyze scientific text data such as nih grants and applications, patents and publications using natural language processing, nlp, machine learning and statistical analysis.
keep up-to-date with current trends in text mining, natural language processing, machine learning and data visualization.
build and design software architecture that can handle extraction, transformation and loading of data reliably and robustly.
design custom algorithms or implement existing software solutions to perform data science calculations.
programming languages: java, r, python.
oracle sql, nosql databases.
familiar with linux systems such as redhat.
understanding of statistical analysis and machine learning.
experience with natural language processing and text mining.
familiarity with data visualization, reporting tools such as rshiny.
able to read current publications, technical documents about nlp, ai, ml, data science, etc.
help write and optimize in-application sql statements.
ensure the performance, security, and availability of databases.
proficiency with sql and its variation among popular databases.
good communication skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
as a data quality analyst at edo, you’ll be focused on maintaining correct metadata throughout all aspects of the business - from grooming our brand-product taxonomy to correcting mistakes made during our offshore ad-review process.
documenting data quality processes.
testing tools as they are developed.
some experience in sql, interest in learning r or python.
engineering – computer science, software development, coding, programming.
statistics – advanced analytics, modeling.
you’ll spend the other 20% on professional development sessions and networking activities, including the kickoff conference on may 27 and 28, webinars, community service, cross-functional project, and final presentations.
problem solving skills.
technical analytical tools such as vba, sql, sas.
c, c, java, javascript.
python.
hadoop, kafka.
linux, unix.
experience with gis spatial algorithms, functions.
good understanding of sql programming and optimization
the risk data analytics group is seeking a data analyst to help develop predictive models for policy-level transactions, to help prepare data and perform analysis using machine learning, regression and other methods, and to help deploy these tools and analysis in new ways through our organization.
the predictive models and analysis developed by the risk data analytics group are used to design and price retail products and institutional reinsurance deals, to inform risk-return and investment decisions, and to assist with forecasting and financial reporting.
degree in math, statistics, computer science, a physical or biological science, engineering, or related field.
several years of experience or course work in a programming language such as c, c, java, or python, python is our primary development language, but is not strictly required.
experience working with large data sets, machine learning techniques, developing software for scientific applications, knowledge of high-performance computing techniques, or sql are highly desirable but not required.
degree in math, statistics, computer science, a physical or biological science, engineering, or related field.
several years of experience or course work in a programming language such as c, c, java, or python.
we currently have a unique opportunity in the areas of international logistics process improvement and data quality management.
-meet with clients to analyze their individual needs, determine priorities, provide estimates and determine project scope.
-manage project scope, schedule and quality.
an effective client follow-up system to ensure clients are contacted in regards to project progress and overall satisfaction.
-perform and organize ongoing support for customers such as report building, data quality, new integrations, etc.
conduct complex data analysis in support of a variety of analytic solutions.
capture, develop, and document data definitions, business rules, and data quality requirements.
identify and define data quality improvements.
identify opportunities to use data to develop new strategies and improve business performance and utilize knowledge of mathematical modeling and other optimization methods to perform quantitative and qualitative data analysis.
expert level experience with ms excel.
strong experience with sql, using it to mine data.
5+ years: data analysis and reporting or related experience preferred.
tableau.
excellent knowledge of software applications such as word, excel, etc.
work will focus on data analysis, data processing, and data visualization, especially in the area of geodetic analysis.
experience with python, javascript, and sql.
experience with matlab.
experience in data analysis, including processing data sets, data reduction, visual analysis, and report generation.
experience with geodetic tools and analysis such as arcgis, google earth, kml, etc. must be able to obtain, maintain and, or currently possess a security clearance.
analyze and visualize data to support ongoing research projects and ad hoc client requests that drive ux and marketing strategies.
gather qualitative and quantitative research to build supporting evidence for retail and digital strategies.
develop r skills to work towards independently assembling data.
maintain clear lines of communication with supervisor, team, and clients.
experience of programming with a desire to continue to develop those skills, preferably in sql, r, or python; r is preferred.
statistics, experimental design, and hypothesis testing.
experience pulling and processing data using sql, r, python, or other programming languages.
agile, scrum methodology.
use sas, sql to query against a large, complex data environment to retrieve claim, encounter, member, and, or provider data based on documented requirements.
develop and deploy tableau-based dashboards, visualizations, and other analytic solutions to support the decision-making requirements of leadership and staff.
assist the database management team with issue investigation and resolution as discovered and requested.
strong technical skills with major relational database technologies such as sas, sql, or business objects.
strong report and dashboard development skills with one or more business intelligence, data visualization products, including tableau, qlik, or power bi.
strong analytical skills including data analysis, modeling, and mining.
thorough knowledge and experience with sas, sql and cognos, tableau.
working with various groups across kdp as your stakeholders, you will apply machine learning principles, predictive modeling techniques and statistical analyses to provide insights about our consumers like never before, directly driving key product and business decisions.
define and design an analytics infrastructure, inclusive of clickstream and visualization platforms, to clearly represent captured data and insights to stakeholders across the broader organization.
work with the data engineering team to ensure maximum data integrity through application of persistent cleansing, quality assurance practices.
partner with advanced engineering to tune and improve robustness of machine learning models for maximum accuracy and efficiency by maintaining master-image databases and visualizing performance.
visualization and bi platforms including powerbi, tableau, looker, etc.
a, b testing.
structured programming languages such as sql, python, r, etc.
experience working with jira and confluence in an agile environment preferred.
purpose of job we are seeking a talented data quality analyst i – mid level for our plano, tx, or phoenix, az facility.
this may include working with project teams or support teams to define, redefine, or continue maintenance of the metadata.
data quality includes defining data quality rules ensuring data is measured and trusted.
this may include working with project teams to define data quality requirements as well as ensuring ongoing assessments of data quality.
data security and privacy includes managing the security of data access as well as privacy of data sharing in compliance with external regulations and internal policies.
we facilitate the financial security of millions of u. s. military members and their families.
leverages intermediate data management knowledge to support in one or many of the information management functions.
metadata and data quality.
review, validate, and record metadata and data quality information.
development of definitions, data quality rules, thresholds, and standard metrics of quality for data elements that support critical business processes.
development of controls to mitigate data quality risks including data quality plan development, monitoring data quality results, reports and dashboards, as appropriate.
identify and maintain data quality corrective action plans.
support compliance assessment process by reviewing and documenting failures from data quality compliance assessment checks.
data security and privacy.
manage data access security as needed.
support privacy initiatives through analysis of sensitive data.
bachelors degree in a business or science discipline or 4 years of work experience in data management, data quality or business application function or related experience can be substituted in lieu of a degree in addition to the minimum years of work experience required.
a minimum of 4 or more years of experience in one or more information management functions listed and any relevant tools: metadata; data quality including metrics, dashboards, knowledge of frequency and duplicate analysis, cross dataset dependencies, orphan ‘child data rows, redundancy analysis, etc; information lifecycle management including archiving, purging, content and document management; master and reference data; data security and privacy.
possession of a masters degree in a business or science discipline or a related discipline plus 2 or more years of experience in a data management, quality analytic function.
possession of a phd in a business or science discipline or a related discipline and 1 or more years of experience in a data management, quality analytic function.
technical experience with reporting building in tools such as tableau.
experience automating validation scripts using python.
nortech has an immediate opening for a qa data analysis intern to join our team in mankato, mn.
the clinical data and reporting analyst generates ad hoc reports and regular datasets or report information for end-users using system tools and database or data warehouse queries and scripts.
comprehensive knowledge of microsoft office applications including word, excel, access and powerpoint.
in-depth experience in microsoft excel including formulas, pivots, charts, and graphs.
1+ years of experience in sql, sas, qlikview and, or tableau.
advanced degree in a quantitative discipline, such as mathematics, economics, finance, statistics, computer science, engineering or related field.
optimize sql queries for faster database and dashboard performance.
bachelors degree in a related field and 2 years’ experience in business intelligence, bi, or data warehouses and 2 years’ experience working with sql and access.
adept at using access, excel, power point and word.
general data warehouse, business intelligence knowledge including data modeling and key performance indicators, pkis, preferably in the sap business objects environment.
lead system testing and develop relevant test and training documentation.
work closely with the project manager to ensure project milestones and reporting practises are adhered to.
good communication skills • •willingness to relocate.
mission by managing data-driven activities related to data profiling, data discovery and analysis, requirements definition, testing and continuous improvement of data collection, mapping, analysis and transformation processes.
providing tier 3, expert, support for data issues in a complex, multi-sourced healthcare data warehouse ecosystem including numerous upstream and downstream data processes and consumers.
shepherd projects through requirements definition, analysis, development, qa and deployment working closely with numerous partner teams and owning responsibility and driving project completion, quality, and timeliness.
expert level sql querying skills required.
sas querying skills required.
experience testing data and assisting in the generation of related test cases.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
programming skills in sql required; python, or java, scala preferred.
recent proven experience developing data visualizations, dashboards, and reporting in tableau, or a similar reporting tool.
comfortable with any of advanced analytics tools such as pandas, r, and spark.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred,
analyze data sets for critical insights, patterns, and trends to develop and communicate opportunities for optimization of the business.
design and implementation of operations data warehouse with rdmbs object creation.
strong communication skills and process orientation.
including coordination across business functions to achieve defined project goals.
advanced proficiency in microsoft excel, word, powerpoint, and outlook.
intermediate proficiency in various relational database management systems, rdbms.
intermediate proficiency in writing sql for ad-hoc reporting, data cleaning and anomaly detection.
experience in data management and cleaning including database object creation – sql functions and views.
experience and knowledge in data warehouse best practices.
project management experience
the analyst will also be responsible for data retrieval, providing descriptive statistics, definition and creation of key performance indicators and other performance metrics for their assigned business unit.
the analyst will mine data from the enterprise data warehouse and 3rd party tools to continuously improve company performance and provide positive return on investment.
the analyst will have the opportunity to work with a large array of data, sales, customer, behavioral, website, etc, tools, and technologies, teradata, microstrategy, excel, rstudio, python, snowflake, adobe analytics, google analytics, hive, hdfs, etc.
strong basic math proficiency.
basic understanding of the scientific method and application in business.
basic command of business computing skills including microsoft excel, powerpoint, word, etc.
basic understanding of sql and relational databases.
familiarity with statistical data analysis tools, sas, python, r, etc.
familiarity with data visualization tools, tableau, mircrostrategy, vi, etc.
a, b and multivariate testing.
null hypothesis significance testing.
basic sql.
bi tools.
microsoft excel.
good interpersonal communication.
an undergraduate degree in statistics, mathematics, information systems, business analytics, economics, other related stem fields or equivalent work experience is preferred.
from building award-winning retail applications, with amazing ar functionality, to creating leading blockchain and machine learning technologies, each of us embodies a unique value and contributes a diverse perspective to the team.
research existing partners’ products to understand their needs and optimize campaigns for most engagement on relevant channels.
versatile and strong communication and writing skills.
excellent organization and project management skills.
familiarity and solid working knowledge with google docs, microsoft excel, crm systems and microsoft powerpoint.
gummicubes datacube software leverages proprietary big data for mobile to understand app store search trends and the competitive landscape.
review logic that needs to be incorporated in the architecture to ensure the data meets the requirements.
review a low level design document capturing sql queries to achieve the target state.
review system integration testing during data migration from the source to the target state to ensure the requirements are met.
data analytics and reporting: • design qualitative and quantitative research instruments, example: surveys, interviews etc, to capture the data if required.
design development of new statistical algorithms.
• interact with the client on a regular basis to provide regular project status update, resolve any issues.
coordinate with different stakeholders in understanding how the employee can better contribute to the project, seek feedback and address concerns.
provide technical guidance to team members through the project lifecycle.
innovation and thought leadership: • keep up with the upcoming trends in big data and analytics and constantly strive to learn and improve on the same.
1 database and sql pl1 required 2 data builder pl1 required.
strong professional communication both written and verbal.
strong analytical and problem solving skills.
proficient in microsoft office, excel, word, access, etc.
this position requires solid analytic and problem solving skills to support the team with healthcare data analytics and reporting initiatives, and able to identify deficiencies or opportunities for improvement.
prepares and loads data files into sql database tables.
works with the project team, both technical and business, to ensure requirements are accurate, clear and understood by those participating in the project.
proficient in microsoft excel, with the ability to create excel pivot tables and formulas to summarize several spreadsheets of data.
2+ years of working knowledge of extracting and manipulating data from multiple data sources using sql.
intermediate sql skills and good understanding of querying relational databases.
experience documenting detailed requirements, design documents, and workflows in support of bi or sophisticated reporting capabilities.
demonstrate excellent organizational, analytical, writing, problem solving and interpersonal skills.
the qa data analyst will develop and execute testing scripts using sql server for migration of new tables into the national data warehouse.
responsibilities will include gathering and clarifying requirements, creating test scenarios, creating test cases, end-to-end tests, regression tests, troubleshooting and bringing tasks to closure.
the qa data analyst will demonstrate advanced analytic and problem solving skills and be recognized as a thought partner with etl developers and data analysts.
review source to target documents and create testing scripts to ensure data is being loaded correctly into the national data warehouse.
execute planned testing, document testing result and track defects.
summarizes testing and validation results and is able to communicate and make recommendations, decisions on the best course of action to remediate.
help define acceptance test objectives, test cases and assist in system and integration testing.
2+ years of qa data analyst testing experience.
2+ years sql or oracle database
2+ years working knowledge in a data warehouse, bi environment.
strong sql skills and full understanding of querying relational databases.
experience with data quality and profiling tools.
demonstrated excellent organizational, analytical, writing, problem solving and interpersonal skills.
within osse, the division of data, assessment, and research is responsible for using data to measure and communicate student success.
we strive to develop data and measurement systems and resources, produce actionable data, and to conduct research that increases the capacity of our stakeholders to initiate and drive policy decisions and implement and evaluate successful programs that support the improvement of students’ educational opportunities and outcomes.
the office of research, analysis, and reporting, orar, team partners with divisions within osse across the pk-20 spectrum as well as our leas and other agencies across the district to promote the quality and transparency of education data and to inform policy and practice.
the data analyst will support efforts to complete research and data requests, standardize data across all public and public charters schools and community based organizations in the district of columbia, provide analytic support for program offices across the pk-20 spectrum, including the statewide accountability system, fulfill federal and local data reporting requirements, and contribute to analysis and reporting in alignment with the agency research agenda.
the management analyst serves as a data analyst in the completion of education data deliverables including but not limited to research reports, public and federal reporting requirements and stakeholder requests and eses subject matter expertise to support stakeholders in joint visioning of data analytic projects and deliverables and related methodologies and business rules.
the management analyst supports improvements in data quality including the standardization of data across public and public charter schools and community-based organizations and serves as a data steward in the proper use and protection of student data.
specialized experience could include, but not be limited to previous experience completing data analysis using stata, sql, r, or another statistical program, collaborative research experience at a graduate level or higher, collaborative quanitative analysis providing quality control in a team setting and assisting with coding.
data analysis expereince using stata or r is highly preferred.
familiarity with sql is highly preferred.
in accordance with chapter 4 of the d. c. personnel regulations, suitability, this position has been deemed as security sensitive.
our team will rely on you for your expertise with healthcare data and your strong sql skills.
perform analytics against healthcare data to support client initiatives using sql based programming tools.
provide guidance and support during the vendor on-boarding process which includes data ingestion, normalization, and qc activities.
a data analyst with enviable sql skills.
bs degree in math, statistics, or similar.
proficient in programming against large data assets with a working knowledge of sql, preferably also knowledgeable in sas and, or r. ability to gather requirements, test strategies, design deliverables.
our technology platform serves as the foundation for the rapid creation, exchange and management of healthcare and consumer data in a fully-interoperable, privacy-protecting manner.
orchestrating an industry-leading hipaa privacy layer.
innovating our proprietary de-identification and data science algorithms.
successful candidate must have a deep-seeded passion for measuring and analyzing big data, especially as it relates to player experiences and mobile gaming.
you must possess impressive mastery of tools such as tableau, sql, r and excel and have an insatiable curiosity to measure, test and understand player behaviors and share with the team your passion.
model the data, design and build reports, dashboards and analysis using excel, tableau and sql server and create custom visualizations and game dashboards.
build a, b testing criteria as well as measurement and reporting of results.
provide insights in product design, flows, and user experiences using a data-driven philosophy.
· bachelors or master degree in mis, computer science, data science or statistics.
· mastery of analytics and reporting tools such as tableau, r and excel.
· 4+ years experience working in an analytical, research environment. · comfortable managing international team in multiple time zones.
ensuring data quality and accuracy.
strong verbal and written communication skills; is able to communicate professionally with healthcare profession.
strong problem solving skills; able to identify problems and escalate when appropriate.
four, 4, years using sql, visual basic and or oracle tools.
excel, 2013 or higher, to perform merges, sorting, importing, exporting, parsing, and formatting.
supporting other departments that may need their expertise for research or review.
fluent in microsoft office suite, excel, access, word, powerpoint, with advanced knowledge in excel and access-required.
strong analytical and problem solving skills.
strong written and verbal communication skills and experience with formal presentations.
in this position, you will have the opportunity to make an impact on zoominfos core product, while further developing your technical and data analysis skills along the way.
work closely with technical and business development teams to provide support and guidance on data quality and data content across discoverorg’s database of 100m+ people and 19m+ companies.
diagnose issues in data quality, identify gaps and errors in logic, and evaluate potential data partners.
bachelors degree in an analytical field, i. e. math, physics, engineering, computer science etc, and 1+ years of experience working in a data related capacity, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
experience with microsoft excel, formulas, pivot tables, sql, or data analysis related tools.
preferred: experience with python, or r, or other coding experience
the intermediate analyst completes work through an iterative communication process with requestors to ensure work products achieve the desired outcomes.
take initiative to advance company use of data and statistics.
strong knowledge of and experience with sql, structure query language.
experience with reporting and visualization tools services, tableau, power bi, ssrs, crystal reports.
experience developing relational databases, sql server, mysql, mariadb.
coding, programming experience, r, python, or other modern languages.
educational or experiential background in statistics.
the data solutions team is responsible for supporting the sales team, clients, and prospects to demonstrate the value of zoominfo data through problem solving, knowledge sharing and data deliverables.
use technical skills, problem solving and business knowledge to deliver custom datasets to clients that meet or exceed their expectations.
excellent communication skills.
strong knowledge of excel including pivot tables, advanced formulas and vlookups.
experience in python, sql or other programming language preferred
exposure to a variety of technologies that clayton is adopting, integrating including salesforce, aws, confluence, oracle erp cloud and much more.
leveraging the data warehouse as a basis for analyses and visually appealing reports and dashboards that intuitively present information.
ability to select the appropriate analytical techniques and compile, present complex information using data visualization tools.
experience with machine learning, predictive modeling and applied statistical analysis.
ability, and preference, to work in an agile environment.
bachelor’s degree in information management, business analytics, or statistics and with 4+ years of professional business experience with a progressive track record of accomplishments in data analytics.
core competency in sql development.
strong knowledge of tableau or similar product.
experience with r or python.
conduct data analysis to support healthcare analytics platform in addition to other projects.
assist with marketing campaigns including reporting and analytics to understand impactinterpret results and uncover trends and other areas of opportunity using predictive modeling; presents findings to key stakeholders.
strong proficiency in excel, knowledge of pivot tables, sql, tableau, database creation and management, data modeling.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
possess intellectual curiosity and profound interest in ai and machine learning.
proficient in r and, or python.
is able to perform logistical regression analysis.
performs data analysis to complete a variety of state and local reports.
prepares statistical reports using different programs, spss, excel, access.
two years of data management experience.
demonstrates strong aptitude for understanding and integrating large and complex data sets from multiple sources, including microsoft access, oracle, and, or sql.
experience with relational databases – access, oracle, and sql; skills with statistical software programs – spss including syntax language.
reports to: supervisor, research.
work as an air pollution data quality assurance analyst involves the responsibility for the overall technical quality of the work for the air monitoring program including: completing technical equipment audits, evaluations such as calibrations, drift and span checks, etc, i. e. technical system audits.
air pollution data quality assurance analysts prepare and ensure adherence to data quality assurance standard operating procedures for data handling and data validation.
the work also involves completing special projects including preparation of quality management plans, qmps, and quality assurance project plans, qapps, ; and performing any related and necessary work.
communicates and reports air data quality information within the department to ensure equipment and air data quality anomalies are investigated.
problem solving and decision making.
oral communication and comprehension.
written communication and comprehension.
experience using computer software, word, excel, outlook, or similar software.
possession of a bachelors degree with major course work in biology, chemistry, environmental, mathematics, statistics, physical sciences or a related area.
experience in a science, mathematics, or statistics related field.
the incumbent’s key duties include, 1, knowledge management functions, 2, data collection and analysis; and, 3, operational and trend analysis.
security clearance required.
we value our employees – develop our skills to excel at everything we do.
ability to work with big data and analyze trends.
create and maintain tableau dashboards in support of senior team initiatives.
translating data analysis into actionable insight for executives.
bachelor’s degree in an analytical, financial, statistical, or it field: finance, math, stats, econ, business admin, it.
knowledge of analytical software such as excel, tableau, r, python, sas, strata, etc.
familiarity working with big data, 1m+ records.
tableau certification, salesforce, sql, r, master’s degree, microsoft gp experience.
contribute to business development and growth, both new client and organic growth, using analytics in business plan proposals and project development.
perform thorough analyses to uncover actionable insights or strategic opportunities related to goals like business growth, operational efficiency, and cost, resource optimization.
utilizing tableau, excel, and sql to continue development of a full suite of operational reports from multiple systems.
sql query building experience.
advanced level excel skills, expert level strongly preferred.
hands-on experience building reporting solutions in tableau or similar tool.
predictive modeling experience.
advanced sql knowledge.
experience with financial reporting, budgeting and forecasting a plus.
excellent written and communication skills.
evaluate business requirements and prepare the detailed functional and technical specifications that follow project guidelines.
act as the liaison between business and systems analysts, developers and project management groups.
collaborate with rqns teams to ensure testing efforts align with system deliveries and business processes.
5+ years of experience in healthcare data analysis or healthcare it development.
5+ years of experience with sql, preferably in oracle.
2. develop ways to avoid and deter data inconsistencies at the source in addition to review, validate, research, clean and transform those inconsistencies.
current student pursuing a degree in analytics, math, statistics, or social sciences.
knowledge of ms word, ms excel, and ms access.
strong analytical, judgment, organizational, and project management skills.
experience with python, r, sql or other analytic languages.
experience with reporting software, such as web intelligence or power bi.
communication with app licants.
if you do not receive this communication, please check your spam filter and make sure your system is not blocking e-mails from sel.
you will create, monitor and provide ongoing communication to appropriate clinical and administrative stakeholders, and report any risk areas to address concerns.
finally, you will collaborate on data quality conditions and monitoring with subject matter experts.
bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, finance, accounting, supply chain management, analytics, or related field, or equivalent work experience.
at least 1 year experience with sql, tableau, business objects, and, or powerbi.
manage and design the reporting environment, including data sources, security and metadata.
support the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
proficient knowledge of popular and standard data analysis tools and databases, with a high level of knowledge of methodologies and processes for managing large-scale databases and systems.
good understanding of sql and data structures.
experience working with, administering and operating tableau strongly preferred.
must have a demonstrated ability to analyze and manage existing tools and large-scale databases, and provide recommendations for optimization and utilization solutions.
must demonstrate strong, responsive, accessible communication skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
research and develop statistical valuation and forecasting models.
three+ years of experience working in the area, s, of analytics, statistics, data science.
a, b. s. in statistics, engineering, computer science, or a related discipline.
strong microsoft excel skills.
knowledge of relational databases, sql server.
math, statistical model building experience.
s. in math, statistics, engineering, computer science, or a related discipline.
seven+ years of experience working in the area, s, of analytics, statistics, data science.
skill in sql and relational databases.
advanced microsoft excel skills, power pivot, power query.
programming experience in python or r including.
data manipulation and cleaning, ex. pandas, tidyverse.
data visualization, ex. matplotlib, seaborn, ggplot2.
machine learning, ex. scikit-learn, cran.
produce regular reports concerning relevant data analytics, workflow statistics, trends, and forecasting.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, statistics, information systems, applied data science, business analytics, or related field.
3-5 years of experience in data collection and analysis, and quantitative forecasting and projections.
excellent organizational, management, communication, oral and written, problem solving, listening, and interpersonal skills.
excellent computer skills, including microsoft office suite, familiarity with electronic research tools and, or advanced database skills.
conducts research on identified key business issues.
provides oversight and direction to analysts and assigned components of project work.
uses sas, sql, toad, or any other relational database software to develop code that processes the data using the analytical methedoloies derived which create extracts of data for analysis and interpretation.
prepares interpretations of our analyses for project teams, clients, and, or department management.
prepares reports derived from our analytical results, highlighting implications of findings with powerful data visualizations of graphs, charts, and metrics on dashboards or reports using tools like qlik, cognos, tableau or power bi. follows through on any further actions based on the results using sound business judgment.
assist in the development of project proposals, recommendations, implementation plans, communication packages, performance measurement tools, and training materials related to the assigned projects.
data stewardship - understanding and documenting the data needs of the organization, including consistent definitions for fields, measures, metrics, kpis and other items that are in the data warehouse, data marts and business intelligence tools.
requires strong expertise in ms excel and relational database such as ms access and other database management, ms sql, and reporting tools.
ability to use reporting software such as actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas, or other.
ability to query the companys data warehouse and, or department systems in response to data requests.
advanced ms excel: 5 years, required.
actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas: 5 years, preferred.
conducts research on identified key business issues.
provides oversight and direction to analysts and assigned components of project work.
uses sas, sql, toad, or any other relational database software to develop code that processes the data using the analytical methedoloies derived which create extracts of data for analysis and interpretation.
prepares interpretations of our analyses for project teams, clients, and, or department management.
prepares reports derived from our analytical results, highlighting implications of findings with powerful data visualizations of graphs, charts, and metrics on dashboards or reports using tools like qlik, cognos, tableau or power bi. follows through on any further actions based on the results using sound business judgment.
assist in the development of project proposals, recommendations, implementation plans, communication packages, performance measurement tools, and training materials related to the assigned projects.
data stewardship - understanding and documenting the data needs of the organization, including consistent definitions for fields, measures, metrics, kpis and other items that are in the data warehouse, data marts and business intelligence tools.
requires strong expertise in ms excel and relational database such as ms access and other database management, ms sql, and reporting tools.
ability to use reporting software such as actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas, or other.
ability to query the companys data warehouse and, or department systems in response to data requests.
advanced ms excel: 5 years, required.
actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas: 5 years, preferred.
we are currently seeking a project data analyst for one of our clients in pomona, southern california.
this project data analyst will be able to plan and implement the overall advanced analytics strategy.
being proficient in sas, sql, excel and access is required as you will be tasked to extract critical information from databases to work in collaboration with scheduling, operations and other departments on a wide variety of advanced analytics and analytic processes projects.
bachelors degree in management, economics, mathematics, engineering, statistics or related.
7 plus years of analytics in construction project or production related discipline is required.
proficiency in access, sas and excel is required.
experience with creating analytical data sets and knowledge of advanced data management and data mining techniques preferred.
experience in analytic techniques, including linear logistic regression, time-series and cross-sectional modeling, clustering, multi-variable experimental design, etc.
familiarity with microsoft sql server and sql server reporting services, ssrs, is a plus.
advanced microsoft excel: 4 years, required.
sql: 4 years, required.
- basic understanding of computer programming with some familiarity with the following technologies: sql, t-sql,
data modeling, and sql queries new batches start soon and spots are limited.
sql: 1 year, required.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem-solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency in microsoft excel.
support in conducting market research analysis.
facilitates user acceptance testing.
agile:
sql: 1 year, preferred.
minimum of a bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, data management or related field required; masters degree preferred.
proficiency in data analysis, program metrics, and reporting.
well versed in the microsoft suite, excel, word, access.
knowledge of sql preferred.
strong analytical and problem solving skills an ability to focus on details as well as having an overall perspective of the use and relationship of the methodologies and data.
as a data quality analyst, you will join a small, dynamic team that is leading the effort to introduce data quality concepts and behaviors within the end to end line planning organization.
in this role, you will be responsible for creating and actively participating in data quality focused projects that require a data governance and quality point-of-view.
ll work both independently and with cross-functional teams to develop, implement, document and communicate direction on the data quality toolset with our larger product creation team.
you will utilize your knowledge of data and will expand your understanding of the business as you work to determine effective solutions to data quality challenges.
you need to possess a skillset in intermediate development languages and tableau as you work to create a unified, accurate and useful audit platform to drive the organization to key deliverables.
you will grow your own understanding of the role of governance and quality in an organization and will apply your learnings to your work.
s understanding of the role of governance and the importance of sustaining quality product data.
bachelors degree in a technical or business discipline, or equivalent level of experience in a data analysis, administration, data quality or related field.
minimum of 1 year of relevant experience in data management, data analysis and data visualization.
intermediate-level proficiency with ms office suite, tableau and development languages, sql, python, etc.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
proven analytical abilities, problem solving and decision making skills.
in this position, you will have the opportunity to make an impact on zoominfos core product, while further developing your technical and data analysis skills along the way.
work closely with technical and business development teams to provide support and guidance on data quality and data content across discoverorgs database of 100m+ people and 19m+ companies.
diagnose issues in data quality, identify gaps and errors in logic, and evaluate potential data partners.
bachelors degree in an analytical field, i. e. math, physics, engineering, computer science etc, and 1+ years of experience working in a data related capacity, or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
experience with microsoft excel, formulas, pivot tables, sql, or data analysis related tools.
preferred: experience with python, or r, or other coding experience
develop sql, sql server, queries to return the required data elements and information for reporting and data extracts.
build reports, sql server reporting services, ssrs, for use by internal and external stakeholders.
develop extracts and reporting data objects, sql server integration services, ssis, needed to support internal and external requirements.
· assists in the development and testing of new reports and ongoing support of existing solutions, including defect identification and resolution.
microsoft sql server.
microsoft sql server reporting services, ssrs.
microsoft sql server integration services, ssis.
* three or more years’ experience in data analysis and reporting.
* ability to write sql queries and perform table joins, and complex data merges.
tableau.
expert knowledge of microsoft word, excel, access and visio software applications.
microsoft sql server: 1 year, preferred.
microsoft word, excel, access and visio software application: 1 year, preferred.
microsoft sql server reporting services, ssrs, : 1 year, preferred.
data analysis and reporting: 1 year, preferred.
microsoft sql server integration services, ssis, :
sql queries and perform table joins, and complex data merges: 1 year, preferred.
tableau: 1 year, preferred.
partner closely with our architecture team to produce high quality design deliverables.
work with business users and it project teams to drive decision making and define requirements for application development, ensuring that business needs are being met.
assist with the definition of project scope and create appropriate scope documentation.
position title: business intelligence analyst, sql developer.
the business intelligence analyst, sql developer plays a critical role in delivering successful solutions by partnering with business and technology groups to elicit requirements and manage the design and development and continuous improvement of assigned business applications.
business intelligence analysts should have a solid understanding of business functional areas, business management issues and data analysis.
presenting data using various data visualization tools.
providing sql database support for business applications including full systems lifecycle of assigned applications and associated database services.
coordinate projects and development work with application support staff, developers, project managers and end users to understand the functional requirements for information maintained in supporting databases.
perform sql data administrative tasks necessary to maintain service availability, responsiveness and data integrity.
microsoft sql certification.
proficient in: sql server 2016, visual studio 2015, and microsoft office suite.
t-sql, mdx, dax, dmx and vb.
net, c. 3rd party bi, visualization tools: tableau, qlikview, etc.
3+ years of work experience in business intelligence, data analysis and reporting.
business analyst experience and skills with sql development and business intelligence reporting, analytics and visualization.
server database environments including core database administration, replication, integration and reporting.
experience in sql optimization using sql profiler, database tuning advisor, query execution plans.
help write and optimize in-application sql statements.
ensure performance, security, and availability of databases.
proficiency with sql and its variation among popular databases.
good communication skills.
confirming both receipt and completion of data quality assurance verification through the icapital platform.
identifying and correcting inconsistencies by employing data quality control measures.
proficient computer skills, especially microsoft office applications and advanced excel formulas
work with cross-functional teams to ensure quality throughout the software development lifecycle.
participate throughout the development release train in an agile environment that is striving for continuous integration, continuous release.
ms office: word, excel, powerpoint, visio.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
excel, pivot tables, v-lookups, macros. ema, enterprise assets management, experience is preferred.
visualization familiarity with tableau, powerbi and, or other similar tool.
analyze large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of analytic methods, math, statistics, machine learning, etc, and software tools, scripting in python, r. select model type, algorithms and features to optimize the accuracy of prediction, decision.
build, evaluate, and evolve machine learning models and advanced analytics as new data is available, interpretation accuracy is scored, and usage broaden and adapts.
sql database tools.
good understanding of telecom mobile and wireless data network architecture.
bachelor´s degree or equivalent experience required, candidates with bachelor’s degree in economics, statistics, engineering or computer science from a reputable institution will be a plus.
proven experience with advanced analytic methods, from mathematics, statistical modeling to machine learning methods.
coding: python, r. familiar with database technologies and query languages.
good understanding of telecom mobile and wireless data network architecture.
effective communication in english, written and verbal.
act as the liaison between operations, back office and programming personnel in the areas of bi reporting design, modifications and, or troubleshooting.
create new or modify existing business processes, reporting and, or analyses using sql, microsoft powerbi and excel.
develop multidimensional semantic layer and bi query objects for end users.
assist business users in selecting appropriate bi tools.
develop and manage bi training, documentation, and help desk capabilities.
2-3 years of sql experience required.
advanced knowledge of microsoft sql server services, ssrs, ssis, ssas, and ibm iseries.
proactive thinking, analytical thinking and problem solving skills.
sql: 2 years, required.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
interpret web analytics, demographic data, market research, and buyer behaviors.
conduct competitive research to stay informed on fluctuations and changes.
implement regular testing cycles for new content, creatives, audiences, and bid strategies.
proficient in excel and, or tableau.
were constantly testing and retesting with our marketing and engaged audiences to ensure we provide the highest value content to our millions of users.
must possess very strong communication and problem solving skills.
innovative problem solving, analytical and execution skills.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
experience with systems project management.
experience with sql.
provide basic project management responsibilities to ensure risks are mitigated, scope is managed, appropriate communication is achieved and milestones are met.
esi provides direct support to leidos biomedical research, inc, leidos biomed, in its support of the national cancer institute, nci, and its mission to accelerate the prevention and treatment of cancer.
esi has an opening for an it project manager to support the development of the data strategy for the atom initiative.
the accelerating therapeutics for opportunities in medicine, atom, consortium, formed by a public-private cooperative research and development agreement among glaxosmithkline, gsk, lawrence livermore national laboratory, llnl, for doe, frederick national laboratory for cancer research, fnlcr, for nci, and university of california, san francisco, ucsf, aims to integrate the unique capabilities of high performance computing, new approaches to characterize cancer biology, and preclinical data access to implement new computational tools and technologies, validated empirically, to impact current drug discovery paradigms.
atom’s goal of evolving the cancer drug discovery process from an iterative, sequential make and test cycle to a network of in silico and high content experimental protocols designed by predictive simulation, deep learning, and high-performance analytics will require oncology and data science expertise, as well as technology development from a range of disciplines and domain areas.
the workflow of atom is expected to require contributions from multiple scientific disciplines including computational technologies, supercomputing, machine, deep learning, active learning, multi-scale modeling, human pharmacokinetics, protein models, cell, tumor models, and experimental systems, advanced, ex vivo biological, organoid models.
these wide-ranging domains are expected to yield a highly collaborative, trans-disciplinary research environment where scientists with diverse expertise can interact and share research, knowledge, and data.
collaborate and coordinate with a diverse set of project stakeholders, including leidos, consortium participants and other subject matter experts.
leverage technical expertise to benefit the project and client interactions.
lead development of monthly and ad hoc technical status reports to management, the nci and other project stakeholders.
knowledge of data management processes.
must be able to obtain and maintain a security clearance.
possession of a phd in computer science, math or biomedical science related field from.
ability to work with ease in a fast paced, agile environment.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
a college degree in math, statistics, computer science or another related field is strongly preferred.
energy efficiency forecasting and data analyst.
the forecasting and data analyst will serve as the data scientist for the public sector program and provide expertise as needed across the contracted program portfolio.
management of this database will include tasks related to forecasting of future participation and budget expenditure for the program.
prepare r e ports to a ccur a t e ly d es cri b e a cti v
r d s p rogram goals on c u s to m e r part
u tilize hi s to r ic data
a n nual prog r am p articipation.
u r e. ensure that the program is performing as expected, and explain forecasted variances to leadership.
perform reconciliation task between qualified leads stored in program crm solution and project database.
identify opportunities to optimize forecasting models, program database and budget accruals.
proficiency in at least one statistical or scripting software such as r, stata, spss, or python.
proficiency using sql for acquiring and transforming data.
advanced data visualization skills.
ms e x c e l exp e r i e n c e a nd skills.
exc e ll e nt v e r b al,
i n terp e r s onal, a nd written co mm unication s kills.
we believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth.
utilize statistics to identify the significance, noise and correlation in data.
bachelors degree in math, finance, economics, computer science or other relevant degrees.
advanced proficiency in visualization tools such as tableau or power bi.
extensive experience in building sql queries across complex relational database experience.
strong interpersonal and communication skills, with a track record of working well with business stakeholders.
statistical programming knowledge, r or python, is preferred.
minimum 1 year of experience working in a sql server management studio environment.
successful execution of project responsibilities from start to finish.
timely communication.
microsoft sql certification, s. database tools, oracle.
identify, correct, and, or assist in resolution of data quality errors.
assist in problem solving and formulation of performance improvement strategies related to compliance with measurement specifications.
having the foresight to anticipate potential issues and the action-bias to propose solutions.
importantly, you will be a key member of the team that provides detailed data and quantitative analysis, statistics and trends reporting, and predictive modeling that support sales, operations, finance and executive teams.
achieves operational objectives by contributing information and detailed data analysis using r or similar programs.
develops, implements and maintains program forecasting models; track performance vs. forecast; communicates discrepancies to the organization.
experience in quantitative and data analysis; predictive modeling; strong business judgment and overall analytics skills.
demonstrated statistical and analytical ability with programming expertise in r. highly proficient in microsoft office particularly excel; statistics and trends reporting; strong modeling and data aggregation, manipulation and mining is a must.
experience with sql is a plus.
energetic, highly motivated, organized, attention to detail; a team player with strong personal and communication skills; discretion and confidentiality essential as position deals with highly sensitive and private data.
document project scope and assignments.
strong written and verbal communication across technology and business teams, including technical writing skills.
uat testing.
advanced level excel knowledge, skills.
strong problem solving skills.
create best-practice reports based on data mining, analysis, and visualization.
optimize data sourcing and processing rules to ensure appropriate data quality.
*developing and implementing databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
*technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
*strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
*knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
sql: 1 year, required,
the sql data analyst serves as an organizational technical expert in organizational systems data and its utilization assisting key individuals within the organization in the use of this data with a focus on creating and distributing tools to continuously improve all aspects of data driven solution delivery.
serves as a project manager to coordinate with departments and other entities in consolidated efforts to develop custom solutions with responsibility for setting schedules and evaluating project progress.
highly effective written and oral communication skills.
prefer experience in as many of the following programming languages as possible: microsoft t-sql, vbscript, visual basic for applications, vba, ccl, oracle sql.
advanced proficiency in microsoft excel, microsoft access, and microsoft t-sql preferred.
assembles data from multiple sources, conducts analyses, performs research, designs, documents and implements analytical solution.
tells compelling stories supported by data using visualization tools.
expert data visualization techniques for charts and reports.
data analysis - good knowledge of tools used for discovering data patterns and correlations through statistical methods.
degree in computer science, statistics, engineering, or mathematics preferred.
good math and analytical skills including statistics, simulation, and optimization.
in this role youll support enterprise big data and analytics platforms that utilize emerging technology to ingest data in real-time at extreme volumes and high velocity.
youll also be supporting data mining, data analysis, and data visualization.
versatile data analyst - able to support data analysis needs in a software development lifecycle and in a business support capacity to find data insights to solve a business problem.
in a software development lifecycle - provide inputs into data arch design, analyze data outputs to validate data quality and communicate gaps to the development team; validate sit and cat results to ensure product meets acceptance criteria; support production data validation and investigations.
detail oriented with strong analytical and problem solving skills.
sql or other structured query languages.
experience with data visualization, qlik.
experienced with querying and exploring data within a nosql data platform, hadoop, hive.
we believe in collaboration, mutual respect, open communication, and opportunity for growth.
data governance analyst.
the mission for the data governance team is to develop a formal data governance practice within clayton homes and establish policies, procedures and processes that govern how our data assets are managed to enable clayton’s goal of being a data driven organization, with data being a strategic enabler of growth.
as a data governance analyst, you will be responsible for.
· working in specific workstreams within the data governance practice in clayton homes.
you will work with development managers, portfolio managers, product owners and other supporting team members to provide sound data governance practices across the organization.
· supporting the development of data management practices and processes.
· developing enabling systems, controls and services to support the data governance program data quality testing, data dictionaries, metadata management, access controls etc.
· control testing and reporting of implemented framework and compliance across clayton homes.
· performing special tasks as assigned by the data governance manager.
solid understanding of data governance principles.
experience with mdm, change control, quality and security as well as industry best practices.
knowledge of data warehouse and business intelligence principles for relational database platforms.
data analysis background is a plus.
ability, and preference, to work in an agile environment.
strong presentation and communication skills.
data analysis experience is a plus.
bachelor’s degree with 2+ years of professional business experience with a progressive track record of accomplishments in information governance, data governance or data management.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
we are seeking a data analyst who will perform detail level data analysis of source and supporting data for storagecheck.
demonstrated proficiency with excel.
· communication skill has to be 9, 10. · 3 – 4 years of experience as a business analyst.
· good verbal and written communication, energetic and go-getter attitude.
working knowledge with information security and technology methodologies.
excellent verbal and written communication skills and proven ability to ask probing questions to business team members.
fluency in microsoft office suite, outlook, excel, word, powerpoint, etc.
we offer professional staffing services for business consulting, project management, software solutions, implementation, and development across all it disciplines.
b. s. computer science, data science, mathematics, statistics.
experience with r or python.
experience with programs like power bi, tableau.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong excel skills.
the it data analyst is responsible for performing detailed data requirements analysis, documenting processes, and performing some user acceptance testing.
evaluating business processes, anticipating requirements, identifying areas for improvement, and developing and implementing solutions using data analysis and data profiling.
gathering critical information from multiple stakeholders to specify and validate business reporting or data extracts using data mapping and data quality techniques.
establishing accurate data definitions and producing audience appropriate data models for the business or project domain.
managing projects, developing project plans, and monitoring performance.
strong knowledge of sql and query tools.
experience in data analysis, data profiling, data mapping, and data quality.
familiarity with technology and data management principles.
proactive and hard-working individual with strong organization and communication skills.
analyze large, complex, multi-dimensional data sets with a variety of analytic methods, math, statistics, machine learning, etc, and software tools, scripting in python, r. select model type, algorithms and features to optimize the accuracy of prediction, decision.
build, evaluate, and evolve machine learning models and advanced analytics as new data is available, interpretation accuracy is scored, and usage broaden and adapts.
sql database tools.
visualization familiarity with tableau, power bi and, or other similar tool.
bachelor´s degree or equivalent experience required, candidates with bachelor’s degree in economics, statistics, engineering or computer science from a reputable institution will be a plus.
proven experience with advanced analytic methods, from mathematics, statistical modeling to machine learning methods.
coding: python, r. familiar with database technologies and query languages.
good understanding of mobile and wireless data network architecture.
effective communication in english, written and verbal.
you will be responsible for configuring, testing, and implementing oracle financials cloud solutions.
strong sql scripting skills.
5 years data processing, data entry or data analysis experience is required.
data analysis: 5 years, required.
education equivalent to a college degree in mathematics, statistics, risk management, business, data analytics, actuarial studies or related fields, or the equivalent in related work experience.
advanced excel skills and familiarity with database querying required.
experience in sas, tableau, sql, sql server, vba, access and, or other data and statistical tools desired.
sas, tableau, sql, sql server, vba, access: 1 year, required.
requires knowledge in project management, writing sql queries, building power bi dashboards, 1-3 years required.
executes project work and has zero or little experience.
data analysis experience, 3-5 years preferred.
experience building power bi dashboards, 3-5 years preferred.
experience with sql queries, 3-5 years preferred.
with our machine learning and data engineering expertise, we leverage data to drive margin increases and profitable analytics projects.
comprised of consultants specializing in data science, business intelligence, cognitive services, practical ai, data management, and iot, neal analytics is trusted to solve unique business problems and optimize operations across industries.
sr. project development, it, data systems analyst, business analyst.
must have microsoft software development in sharepoint or microsoft solution associate, sql or other database development certifications.
must have 5 years experience in managing enterprise level of software development, implementation and deployment in government or corporate section.
must possess the skills of microsoft office suite, microsoft access, ms sql server, sharepoint business intelligence and project management.
enterprise software project management: 5 years, required.
ms sql server: 3 years, required.
need mathematical background – statistics.
excel, powerpoint, sharepoint.
other project related support as needed.
responsible for monitoring and reporting on the status of departmental projects: anticipates and identifies issues that could inhibit achieving the project goals and objectives, and implementing corrective actions and mitigation strategies.
advanced demonstrated written communication skills.
advanced demonstrated interpersonal, verbal communication skills.
required intermediate microsoft excel.
analysts in our data intelligence discipline apply knowledge and passion to solve math, business, and, or technology problems for clients, helping them make better, faster decisions.
experience working across a range of data environments, from structured sql environments to cloud-enabled data lakes, is a prerequisite for success.
you will work with everything from enterprise, digital, sensor, marketing, economic, and open-end research responses in a collaborative environment.
preferable: python, java, other languages used for automating processes, r or other statistical language, tools, ssis, or other etl, alteryx, tools.
use data analytics software, sql, sas, r, etc, to clean and organize large data sets to be used in analyses.
develop reports and dashboards, tableau, power bi, google data studio, etc, and provide analytic insights to cross-discipline stakeholders.
use web scraping to create additional data sets, via python.
data environment and visualization requirements gathering.
acquire data from primary and secondary data sources, and maintain databases and data analysis systems.
undergraduate degree in statistics, economics, mathematics, computer science, engineering, or related quantitative field; master’s degree preferred.
demonstration of strong sql skills including development of stored procedures.
advanced level of experience in at least one data manipulation platform, python, alteryx.
knowledge of common marketing analytics techniques such as media mix models, multivariate testing, a, b testing, segmentation, and
attribution algorithms is desired.
data visualization experience through tools such as tableau or power bi.
job summary: this position is responsible for assisting in project management, implementation and maintenance of line of business applications and, or the jd edwards, jde, erp system, as well as the integration of the line of business applications to knife rivers erp system.
2. four to six years of experience in software package configuration, installation, integration and maintenance, sql.
strong analytical, problem solving skills, ability to manage multiple priorities, excellent written, verbal and interpersonal skills.
· combine data from multiple sources, sql databases, excel files, flat files, etc, into integrated views that can be used to drive analysis and summarized crisply for executive decision making.
· extensive experience in tableau, microsoft sql and vba.
· business analytics and optimization experience with sources for support.
tableau: 4 years, required.
role: bi developer and analyst.
bi developer and analyst - both managed and non managed projects.
html knowledge.
sql server and t-sql capabilities.
knowledge of and use capabilities within cosmos and azure.
power bi capabilities.
the role involves facilitating requirement sessions with business partners, articulating business requirements into agile, scrum story format, and working within the technology organization to deliver and validate new features, functionality.
data analysis skills, with a proven track record of delivery of complex technology projects.
excellent written and verbal communication skills with business and technical team members across the organization.
ability to understand the technology and software architecture of an application.
you have demonstrable experience in requirements gathering, preparing data transformation rules and strong sql skills.
you have demonstrable expertise in multiple data-related technical skillsets such as data modeling, sql, pl, sql, data movement design and data profiling.
extensive experience with relational databases, oracle preferred, and familiar with big data nosql databases, technologies, hive, spark, mongodb.
work in a dynamic and exciting agile environment with scrum masters, product owners, and team members to develop creative data-driven solutions.
work with data engineers on development efforts including designing, coding, testing, and debugging during each cycle.
assist in data management work youre doing such as business need analysis, data source identification and analysis and data modeling techniques.
provide quality reporting data analysis for internal and external stakeholders as needed.
database administration.
work with ms sql databases to manage server maintenance tasks.
bi administrator.
big data and cms.
manage and maintain all big data reporting needs by utilizing various ai tools.
provide technical support, excel, word, docusign, survey monkey, etc, as needed.
project management.
support vp of it in project management of different initiatives for both internal and external needs.
communication skills – superior interpersonal and customer service skills.
computer skills – proficient in microsoft office including word, excel and power point, especially spreadsheets, database and reporting tools.
knowledge of powerbi, salesforce, veeva events, sql query writing and cvent is preferred.
working knowledge of various ai applications, iis, and web programming languages will be helpful to perform job functions.
strong organizational, problem solving, and analytical skills, to recognize and resolve complex problems requiring the use of technical principles and in-depth, experience-based cross-functional knowledge.
experience with analyzing large, complex data sets using multiple mediums-proficiency, medium to high skill level, with various desktop applications such as microsoft excel, word, powerpoint and, or access.
proficiency, medium to high skill level, of relational database management systems such as veeva, salesforce, bi, and ms query.
lead efforts to define requirements and to design, develop, automate and maintain innovative reports and dashboards using tableau and other data visualization tools.
provide dataset to data scientists for use in predictive analytics and statistical modeling.
data mining, patterns and business rule definitions for effective analyses of global tv ratings, ad intel and other third party data.
oversee and advise on all visualization design decisions and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of analytics throughout the organization.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
experience with data warehousing and data analytics specializing in data ingestion, data storage, data analysis, and data visualization desired.
strong knowledge of sql, edf, api, mdm database and microstrategy and oracle database, are required.
we are looking for a business analyst who will be the vital link between clients information technology capacity and our business objectives by supporting and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software product’s features.
conduct review sessions with various project stakeholders and executive management.
creation of presentations, diagrams, and project or procurement documents, including statement of work documents, using clear, concrete and concise language.
proven experience in eliciting requirements and testing.
experience in analysing data to draw business-relevant conclusions and in data visualization techniques and tools.
solid experience in writing sql queries.
strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skills.
analyze and visualize data to support ongoing research projects and ad hoc client requests that drive ux and marketing strategies.
gather qualitative and quantitative research to build supporting evidence for retail and digital strategies.
develop r skills to work towards independently assembling data.
maintain clear lines of communication with supervisor, team, and clients.
experience of programming with a desire to continue to develop those skills, preferably in sql, r, or python.
statistics, experimental design, and hypothesis testing.
experience pulling and processing data using sql, r, python, or other programming languages.
agile, scrum methodology.
ideal candidate should have a degree in a quantitative field, mathematics, computer science, physics, economics, engineering, statistics, operations research, quantitative social science, etc.
basic knowledge on software development principles and architecture.
familiarity with programming for data analysis; ideally python, sql, or r. solid oral and written communication skills, especially around analytical concepts and methods.
knowledge of cloud technologies such as aws or google cloud.
knowledge of any relational database such as my sql.
must be a team player with excellent communication and problem-solving skills and have experience working with customers across teams.
data mapping and etl logic document for data warehouse and data mart.
responsible for writing requirements and acceptance criteria in form of agile user stories.
must have analyst experience on complex data warehouse effort.
strong database and sql skills.
strong communication skills, verbal and writing.
familiarity with agile development.
complex data warehouse effort.
strong database and sql skill: 3 years, preferred.
agile development.
builds and maintains internal and external-facing dashboards for reform and strategy projects using various tableau platforms including embedded analytics and server.
collaborates with project management staff to support projects and identify insights and trends, and drivers of those trends, and makes recommendations based on analysis.
day to day validation of all data and opportunities, which includes data cleaning and preparation.
works closely with project leads to design and structure research and analysis plan for project work, gather data, perform analysis, and interpret outcomes.
graduation from an accredited college or university with a master’s degree plus two, 2, years of work experience in operations analysis, project management, strategic planning, program auditing, or business management consulting or a bachelor’s degree plus three, 3, years of work experience in operations analysis, project management, strategic planning, program auditing, or business management consulting.
proficiency with business intelligence tools, tableau, power bi, sap, qlik, etc, and, or
data analysis tools using r, shiny, r markdown, dplyr, etc, or python, numpy, pandas, etc.
previous knowledge of one or more analytical disciplines including data mining, exploratory data analysis, data wrangling, data visualization, and machine learning.
previous knowledge of predictive modeling including; time series forecasting, clustering, logistic, linear regression, and other supervised, unsupervised modeling methods.
proficiency in mathematics in multivariable calculus and linear algebra, along with statistics.
previous knowledge of database systems, both sql-based and nosql-based.
proficiency in sql for data mining and querying.
previous experience with tableau server.
ensure that the technical details of the initiative meet performance, reliability, stability, quality, security, and testability standards.
consult with other departments and functions on project status, proposals and technical issues such as software system design and maintenance.
1+ years of sql experience.
desire to learn data modeling technologies, python, spark, and build on statistical knowledge.
data analyst responsibilities include conducting full life cycle analysis to include schema design, etl, data validation, analysis, visualization and front end web design.
data analysts will develop analysis and reporting capabilities including tableau workbooks and customer facing websites.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
communicate findings and insights via tableau and html and javascript on customer facing websites.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, tableau etc, databases, sql etc, aws, redshift, s3, lambda etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, sas etc.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
redshift: 2 years, required.
javascript: 2 years, required.
sql: 3 years, required.
s3: 2 years, required.
html: 2 years, required.
tableau: 2 years, preferred.
data analysis:
power bi or tableau and sql proficiency is required.
collaborate with stakeholders to focus business objectives and define analysis requirements, including dimensions, measures, filters, and visualization.
use tools and programming languages like power bi, tableau, microsoft excel, and sql to create and iterate on solutions that empower operational and exploratory analysis.
effectively communicate with technical teams and business stakeholders, and use agile methodology to deliver value-added solutions in a timely fashion.
develop and maintain protocols to evaluate data quality and ensure accuracy of kpis, reports and dashboards.
evaluate internal systems for inefficiencies and inaccuracies, and support a data quality program to deliver resolutions and, or protocols for handling, processing and cleaning data.
knowledge, skills and abilities: proficiency in power bi, sql, and microsoft excel required.
strong written and oral communication skills.
experience with data management, specifically with validating and auditing data and reports from multiple systems.
education and experience: ba, bs in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization, computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering, or statistics, or equivalent work experience 5+ years of experience as a data analyst.
power bi:
sql: 3 years, preferred,
expertise with tableau, sql, alteryx, and, or other data analytics tools.
bs degree in business, statistics, mathematics, or a related field.
manage timely flow of report information to users utilizing sql, ssrs, tableau and other reporting tools.
specifically, sensitive data related to human resources, financial and phi. manages the process of testing and makes appropriate changes to reports during upgrades of saas software systems.
demonstrated ability to interface effectively with springbrook customers and team members; maintaining relationships and utilizing clear verbal and written forms of communication with all parties.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, tableau, microsoft bi, and databases, sql, and excel, pivot tables, vlookups, if statements.
experience with custom report creation, reporting analytics and data visualization experience is preferred.
education: bs, ba; mba or advanced degree in statistics, mathematics preferred.
customer analytics, digital analytics, data analysis, business intelligence, bi, reporting, customer segmentation, statistical analysis, modeling, data modeling.
it includes, in a fully automated fashion, all data-related marketing functions users can imagine; seamless data ingestion and consolidation, customer-centric database featuring true 360-degree customer view, comprehensive reporting, intuitive segmentation and targeting, as well as user-friendly email campaign functions.
a successful candidate will have basic knowledge in analytical toolsets and methodologies, working knowledge in various types of data visualization software, excellent verbal and written communication skill, and most importantly, positive attitude and desire to learn new things.
technical, analytical, collaborative and visualization skills.
hands-on skills with sql server.
ability to effectively convey insights using variety of visualization tools, powerbi, powerpoint, excel etc.
proficiency in advanced excel functions, creating formulas, pivot tables, look ups, macros.
excellent collaborative, communication and presentation skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
we are leveraging the same exponential tech that’s driving success in other industries and making it available through tools such as big data, custom assessments, an engagement app and eventually an entire market network focused on growth.
you have in-depth experience with data visualization and a communication style that gives you the ability to deliver your message clearly and concisely to stakeholders.
helping direct insights that will improve efficiencies and identifying opportunities for product optimization.
proficiency with analysis and query languages – sql, r, python, athena.
experience with data visualization and bi tools, tableau, insight squared or lookr.
ability to identify opportunities for product optimization by tracking user behavior using gainsight, google analytics, hotjar, and google tag manager.
creative, articulate, and competent communication style – you deliver your message clearly, concisely, and confidently every time.
be a subject matter expert for analytics and techniques, including a, b testing.
design and enhance media planning optimization reports across channels such as programmatic, social, and search.
develop visualizations in excel and powerpoint to illustrate campaign performance data.
proficiency in data visualization software, tableau, and querying languages like sql.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
good experience of relational database systems and using sql, stored procedures to extract data.
interpreting, filtering, cleaning and analyzing data using advanced excel, access and sql.
working with data structures and algorithms.
relocation charges will be provided to you during your project migration.
on-job technical support during the project.
along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.
conceptual understanding of foundations of statistics and modeling, distributions, parameter estimation, confidence intervals and tests, etc.
proficient understanding of a statistical programming language such as r, python, or julia.
the ability to manipulate data with sql.
experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.
the ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as shiny or django.
to succeed in this role, the candidate should have a natural analytical way of thinking, experience as a data analyst, and deep understanding of the popular data analysis tools and databases.
defining new data collection and analysis processes.
providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
degree in the following: mathematics, computer science, statistics, economics.
advanced level: excel, access, powerpoint, sharepoint, visio.
programming languages, vba, and database knowledge, sql.
we are looking for a business analyst who will be the vital link between our information technology capacity and our business objectives by supporting and ensuring the successful completion of analytical, building, testing and deployment tasks of our software product’s features.
proven experience in eliciting requirements and testing.
experience in analyzing data to draw business-relevant conclusions and in data visualization techniques and tools.
solid experience in writing sql queries.
strong written and verbal communication skills including technical writing skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
com, is a marketing data company that combines big data analytics and powerful industry research to drive a variety of sales and marketing programs for our clients.
our analysts learn to work with big data and its corresponding technology, aws, sql, python, and more, participate in driving our innovation, and learn to productize that innovation by working closely with our engineering team.
excellent oral communication and interpersonal skills, presenting to and interfacing with clients.
basic programming skills and highly proficient in end-user product programming such as excel, pivot tables, scripting.
knowledge of python and sql.
performs ad hoc data analysis as needed.
experience working with sql, sas, and, or microstrategy for data exploration, wrangling, and data access.
experience working with data visualization tools such as tableau, domo, or power bi.
ability to work in a time-constrained environment with multiple project deadlines.
proficient in all ms office applications especially excel and powerpoint.
experience working with data science programming languages such as r or python.
proficiency in sql.
experience creating dashboards and visualizations in systems such as but not limited to; excel, tableau, powerbi, domo, elasticsearch, or adobe analytics.
strong technical background in relational database management, statistics, report development, tools, specifically sql but r, python, spss, sas are preferred as well.
strong written and verbal communication skills, with a track record of supporting a variety of stakeholders.
strong problem solving and collaboration skills.
you will have superb communication and customer-relationship skills, outstanding analytic insight, and be a passionate advocate for your customers to other internal parties.
partnering with other analytical functions in aws such as data warehousing, business development, finance, marketing, and voice of customer will be crucial to the effective execution of the responsibilities.
direct communication with the hiring manager, which allows us to have a clear understanding of the timeline and move candidates through the interview process faster.
dedication to keep an open line of communication and provide full transparency.
this individual will perform as the performance and decision analytics, pandda, technical contributor for execution of the data collection and metric reporting process within the operations performance analysis team.
timely data collection including audits and quality review of alis-spms messages, site lead reports, slr, flying hour information and mission effectiveness, me, forms.
candidate will maintain open lines of communication to support the pbl metric reporting process.
experience in using databases, ms access, hana, tableau, or sql, oracle.
experience with powerpoint, ms excel, and, or access.
project management experience to include program schedule, cost, quality, and people.
- advanced experience in using spreadsheets, ms excel - equations, pivot tables and, or vba.
demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills advantageous.
excellent written and verbal communication skills are required with an ability to address diverse audiences.
analysts are responsible for creating data sets using sql to power reports, and developing appropriate reports and visualizations following best practices.
collaborate with business partners and stakeholders to define bi and analytics requirements.
develop sql queries.
maintain appropriate documentation of sql queries, data sources, reports and dashboards.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, information systems, mathematics, statistics, or other related field.
minimum 2 years of experience in data management, business intelligence, reporting and analytics, data warehousing, data quality or comparable discipline.
intermediate sql skills - must be able to write sql queries from scratch without the assistance of query writing tools.
experience with ms sql server,
redshift preferred.
data visualization best practices and tools such as tableau.
agile development and agile analytics.
you will drive towards simple, scalable solutions to difficult problems, have excellent project-management skills, and be able to communicate complex analytical results, both written and verbally, in a clear and easy-to-understand way.
own end-to-end data collection, from planning to analysis, including writing custom queries, data cleaning and manipulation.
use analytics and data mining techniques to solve complex problems and drive business decisions.
develop reports, dashboards, and processes to continuously monitor data quality and integrity.
retrieve, analyze and maintain data using excel, salesforce.
com, and other data management, bi systems.
good verbal and written communication skills, ability to convey results to non-experts. apply common statistical methods, data modeling, and predictive analysis to answer strategic questions.
strong excel skills; ability to write sql queries from scratch.
proven problem solving skills, project management skills, attention to detail, and exceptional organizational skills.
bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, engineering, or similar quantitative analytics discipline.
data analysis experience, preferably in online retail.
masters degree in business, engineering, statistics, computer science, mathematics or related field.
softappdesigns is seeking for a business analyst, who will be responsibile for identify project stakeholders and establish user classes, and concisely document business needs in a manner that conveys clear understanding to other team members and customer stakeholders.
produce feasibility reports based upon compiled research, advice of subject matter experts.
bachelors, masters degree within an economics, business, engineering, math, statistics and, or technology related.
professional oral and written, presentation, data visualization, communication.
excellent ms excel and database capabilities.
it provides an array of services, ranging from tailored applications to testing and re-engineering services.
working with business stakeholders and marketing team members to draw insights about audiences, creatives, and testing for both internal and external purposes.
helping with forecasting and projections of large scale businesses.
utilizing tableau, google data studio or similar tools to prepare, enrich and visualize data.
participating in data collection for data science modeling efforts such as lifetime value analysis, cohort analysis and more.
powering website testing with behavioral and web analytics analysis.
a dynamic growing global company is looking for an experienced bi analyst with strong data manipulation and power bi, dax experience.
develop, publish, schedule interactive power bi reports and dashboards to meet business requirements.
utilize power bi as the catalyst for analytics and the understanding of trends.
bachelor’s degree in accounting, finance, business, math, statistics, etc.
experienced in developing power bi reports, dashboards, kpis, and scorecards.
strong excel, access skills: pivot tables, query writing, macros helpful.
experience with microsoft sql, azure platform a plus.
determine system utilization requirements by researching and testing systems.
excellent verbal and written communication, strong customer service skills and the ability to explain policies, procedures and technical information clearly and accurately.
rdl technologies inc. is a growing, it professional services firm that delivers high quality services across three areas, agile solutions development services, it professional services, and consulting services.
excellent ability to communicate insights in writing and supported by any combination of excel charts and tables, powerpoint slides, and power bi visuals.
experience working with large data sets from financial systems, revenue and expense, external market data sources, sales and market share, and internal forecasting tools.
a proven ability to build and maintain automated systems, using excel pivot tables, data cubes, and, or power bi to support sales and marketing processes, operations.
it also requires maintenance and use of excel and power
bi based tools for collecting and synthesizing the data.
this includes supporting the development of regional performance decks, managing weekly refresh and monthly maintenance of the sales and marketing power bi dashboard, and maintaining ongoing process improvement system for team rhythms to measure effectiveness and identify areas of opportunity – this includes the development of new power bi reports, views for the team.
resonate’s research group pushes the mission of resonate forward by developing and applying the latest learning and techniques in consumer psychology, market research, data science, and analytics to solve complex problems.
within this group, the analytics team focuses on designing and executing analytics projects to support clients, prospects, and partners, testing and developing new offerings, ensuring data quality across all processes, monitoring platform health metrics, and supporting the resonate marketing effort by applying skilled marketing analytics expertise.
in addition, they will be engaged in developing and testing new methodologies, features, and concepts, all the while participating in ongoing evaluation of new partners and analytics processes.
the data analyst will also be actively engaged in the effort to verify data quality and ensure accurate analysis and reporting.
experience in data analysis and problem solving in a business context.
competency in sql.
demonstrated ability to apply innovative and resourceful solutions to solve challenges and the ability to meet detailed project goals while working independently.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management, statistics, or related field.
knowledge of hive, spark, r or python and deep knowledge of relational databases and methods for efficiently retrieving data a bonus.
processing financial data and managing databases; performing financial analysis and building advanced financial models to analyze security market data and assess the liquidity of the assets and portfolios.
shall have a minimum of 4 years data analysis experience in capital markets, financial industry or economic analysis, with deep expertise in financial market-related topics such as hedge funds, options, credit default swaps, mortgage backed securities, or municipal securities.
the candidate shall have knowledge of statistical methods, mathematical techniques, computer software and algorithms that are commonly applied in these areas.
a bachelor’s degree in finance, economics, engineering, operations research, or mathematics is essential.
we have an exciting opportunity on a new team that focuses on end-to-end revenue optimization: user experience, user targeting, offer display, third-party partners, and pricing.
the data and reporting analyst will be involved in four core department functions: 1, data system administration, 2, data collection and monitoring, 3, data analysis and reporting, 4, data development and inquiry support.
data collection and monitoring.
develop and manage data collection processes and validation practices and procedures.
data analysis and reporting.
strong project management skills and consultant skills.
experience navigating data management software.
familiarity with data visualization and presentation skills.
knowledge of excel or other software to develop graphs and tables for multiple audiences.
experience using tableau a plus.
respond in a timely manner in all aspects of communication.
project management: 1 year, preferred.
collaborate with the data engineering team to develop automated tests that monitor our data ingestion process.
highly proficient in sql.
experience using visualization tools, preferably looker, tableau, or power bi.
experience working in agile environments, preferably with jira and asana.
extra credit - working experience with data analysis and building data pipelines with python.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
the qa analyst will develop and execute testing scripts using oracle pl, sql for migration of new tables into the national data warehouse.
responsibilities will include gathering and clarifying requirements, creating test scenarios, creating test cases, end-to-end tests, regression tests, troubleshooting and bringing tasks to closure.
the qa analyst will demonstrate advanced analytic and problem solving skills and be recognized as a thought partner with etl developers and data analysts.
review source to target documents and create testing scripts to ensure data is being loaded correctly into the national data warehouse.
execute planned testing, document testing result and track defects.
summarizes testing and validation results and is able to communicate and make recommendations, decisions on the best course of action to remediate.
help define acceptance test objectives, test cases and assist in system and integration testing.
2+ years of qa data analyst testing experience.
2+ years sql or oracle database
2+ years working knowledge in a data warehouse, bi environment.
strong sql skills and full understanding of querying relational databases.
experience with data quality and profiling tools.
demonstrated excellent organizational, analytical, writing, problem solving and interpersonal skills.
the data analyst will serve as a flexible generalist by providing data analysis and analytical insight based on the requests from investment and business development teams.
the individual will utilize data analysis tools such as excel, sql, r or python to collate data from various sources, analyze the information and provide insights and analysis to the requesting teams.
use statistical models and industry recognized investment data calculation methodologies to perform various data analytics in sql and ms excel.
exercise relational database knowledge to construct and execute sql queries to be used in data analysis activities.
use other tools such as r and python to manipulate data to address the information needs across the organization.
contribute to additional projects where relevant domain or data analysis expertise is needed.
demonstrated skill in sql usage as part of data analysis.
working knowledge of r or python is desirable.
excellent organizational, written and verbal communication skills.
ability to use self service etl tools and self service bi tools.
ability to perform data mining and segmentation techniques.
hands on experience with reporting tools, data analysis tools, statistical modeling tools, data visualization tools, data story telling.
this is primarily a financial systems analysis position, and having experience with statistics and activity costing are highly desirable.
work experience using r or python, tableau, financial system analysis, and activity based costing.
an active public trust from the dept of homeland security.
a degree in business, finance, econ, math, or related.
dept of homeland security public trust, required.
· strong communication skills, both verbal and written. · handle a quick pace environment, ok with “change.
proactively troubleshoot and provide diagnostics to improve data quality accuracy across the ratelinx business platforms.
you demonstrate superior competence in soft skills associated with core competencies such as documentation, communication, and facilitation.
· perform excel functions and formulas such as a vlookup, concatenate, dedupe and pivot tables to manipulate and analyze data.
proficiency in microsoft excel with the ability to incorporate findings into powerpoint presentations.
research, append, and remove duplicate data.
data analysis: 2 years, required.
must be comfortable with computers, general office tasks, and excel at both verbal and written communication.
managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata.
supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
high-level written and verbal communication skills.
identify, compare, and resolve data quality problems.
determine the business impact level for data quality issues.
determine the root cause of data quality errors and make recommendations for long-term solutions.
research and determine the scope and complexity of issues so as to identify steps to fix the issue.
develop process improvements to enhance overall data quality.
ensure adherence to data quality standards.
identify areas of improvement to achieve data quality.
to assist in accomplishing these goals, bhjrs has developed the new and important position of research and information analyst.
experience with sql databases and analysis software is required.
 conduct analytical and statistical research; make recommendations on data collection and analysis methods to ensure data is reliable and understandable; synthesize and interpret information, translate quantitative and qualitative data into visuals and reports for varying audiences.
 design research questions and projects; prepare comprehensive reports, graphs and tables; track and report on key performance indicators for programs and projects.
 design and construct computer files and analytical processes and output reports for research projects.
 design new or recommend modifications to current systems and programs, based on assessed needs using query languages, report writers, interactive database programs, spreadsheets and, or application generators; performs related duties which include quality assurance of computer databases, designing source and output documents, developing schedules for the input of data, and testing new programs.
 design and improve the process by which data is collected and stored to identify, track, and monitor all individuals served by the behavioral health system in philadelphia, including those hospitalized, incarcerated, and in the community, using microsoft sql server, qlik sense, r, and excel.
 determine database structural requirements by analyzing and programming multiple sources of data, configuring the operationalization of such data, and determine the optimal presentation, and evaluation systems via sql, qlik sense, r, and excel.
 transform various incoming data sources into usable and compatible format for sql importing.
 initiate research projects that are data-driven, which directly address incoming questions from internal staff and external partners.
 serve as a liaison between the clinical, administrative, justice partners and the data unit for all research, data, and database needs.
 possess an understanding of specific data-driven questions and build and manipulate queries in sql to answer such questions.
 conducting research projects and determining appropriate research methods utilizing current research techniques.
 advanced experience with sql databases.
 advanced understanding of r and excel.
 excellent quantitative and data analysis skills.
 understanding of data management and storage infrastructures.
 knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing large data-sets, excel, sas, spss, r.  excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to collaborate and work with others; share information in a clear and concise manner.
 bachelor’s degree in information management, computer science, statistics, criminology, criminal justice, psychology, public health, sociology or a related field of study.
at least one year of experience acquiring and using data in various formats, json, xml, csv, excel, etc, from various sources, apis, files downloaded from the web, hand- curated data-sets, packages of scripts,
at least one year of experience using sql databases.
at least one year of experience with r and excel.
sql databases, r and excel: 1 year, required.
- work with business or data engineering stakeholders to elicit and.
*what you should have. - strong communication skills with the ability to understand and.
- bonus: experience with business intelligence, ai or other analytical.
looker, tableau, power bi.
business intelligence, ai or other analytical functions: 7 years, preferred.
looker, tableau,
power bi: 7 years, preferred.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
data analysis and proficiency in excel.
project management experience is a plus.
visio, sql analysis.
assist in implementation and ensure the solution deliverables meet the business requirements via testing, uat. support business adoption of the solution through clear communication, training, education and post implementation business support.
deliver according to project plans.
keep programme, project managers, change requestors, stakeholders and it informed with the progress and changes.
sql
project management: 1 year, required.
data analysis: 3 years, required.
entry-intermediate level excel skills, able to manipulate basic product data.
excellent listening, verbal and written communication skills.
in this role, the data analyst will assist squad 6 investigators in building and enhancing complex investigations, and will help with large-scale data collection and analysis.
a four-year high school diploma or its educational equivalent approved by a states department of education or a recognized accrediting organization and four years of satisfactory full-time experience in an industrial or governmental agency in the field of investigation, auditing, law enforcement, security, inspections, or in a major operational area of the agency in which the appointment is to be made; or.
educational background in computer science, accounting, auditing, statistics, mathematics, or other similar fields of.
proven experience and demonstrated expertise analyzing large amounts of data using microsoft excel; experience with software including i2, penlink, geotime, and arcgis.
3. proficiency in programming languages including r, sql, and python.
strong communication skills, excellent judgment, and confidence to discuss results of analysis.
exposure to data mining tools and techniques.
this job deals in mainly backend data so need someone who has experience in dealing with the front end and backend data.
**data quality analysis.
writing complex sql and stored procedures, db2 preferred, ; translating specifications and rules into sql.
working with string and data manipulation functions and macros with microsoft excel.
metadata management and data governance.
ability to provide time estimations for sa activities for a project based on the design.
exceptional communication skills, written and verbal.
4. proficiency in english language, as a medium of communication.
frank and open communication with peers and higher-ups about realistic estimations and meeting timelines, expectations and proactive communication of issues and concerns
knowledge about business intelligence, analytics, tool experience – cognos, tableau 6.
knowledge and understanding of security standards.
**data quality analysis.
writing complex sql and stored procedures, db2 preferred, ; translating specifications and rules into sql.
working with string and data manipulation functions and macros with microsoft excel.
metadata management and data governance.
experience with relational database storage and sql.
expertise with microsoft excel.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
familiarity with general software development lifecycles.
expertise with sql and relational database storage.
project manager for specialized engagements.
work with the data engineering team to implement new features that improve the analytics funnel.
pinch hit by providing data analysis to support immediate product needs.
bachelors degree in analytics, math, statistics, economics or other a related discipline.
experienced using sql to query data from relational databases.
experience with data visualization software such as tableau and looker.
experience programming with statistical modeling or machine learning tools.
assist with the development and architecture of an enterprise data warehouse.
develop, implement and optimize stored procedures and functions using t-sql.
develop and maintain dashboards and reports in ssrs, power bi, excel, power query.
conduct research and make recommendations on database products, services, protocols, and standards in support of development efforts.
identify and analyze data discrepancies and data quality issues and work to ensure data consistency and integrity.
expert level sql programming.
o365 development in powerapps, power automate, power bi, teams and sharepoint online.
experience with azure dev ops, tfs, jira or similar project management tool.
project management experience, including working with cross-functional teams is desired.
experience working in sdlc and agile, scrum project methodologies.
knowledge of power bi setup, configuration and management in a microsoft azure environment including power bi service and utilizing a variety of data stores, sharepoint, azure files, blobs, databases.
education equivalent to a college degree in mathematics, statistics, risk management, business, data analytics, actuarial studies or related fields, or the equivalent in related work experience.
advanced excel skills and familiarity with database querying required.
experience in sas, tableau, sql, sql server, vba, access and, or other data and statistical tools desired.
sas, tableau, sql, sql server, vba, access: 1 year, required.
perform research and analysis using programmatic data, to relay programmatic impacts, trends, patterns, statistics, etc.
create and maintain queries using sql or other programming languages, with a preference for open source programming languages such as r and python, as necessary for consistency and efficiency of data retrieval from various systems.
research methods and tools to create efficiency for reporting, gis mapping, and other analytical and computational processes.
participate in the evaluation of new technologies to ensure the technology architecture and data analysis and visualization tools are in line with company’s evolving business intelligence needs.
the successful candidate will excel at operating in a diverse and fluid environment, and will be crucial for the success of the high cost program.
you have proven experience working with data warehoused in databases using sql and programming languages for data science such as r or python, or a demonstrated capacity to learn them.
you have excellent written and verbal communication skills, are naturally curious and inquisitive, and are interested in continuously improving our work.
a data analyst collects and stores data on sales numbers, market research, logistics, linguistics, or other behaviors.
· written and verbal communication skills.
· jerneltechcorp offers its employees $250 per month, 50% of the daycare charges whichever is lesser till the time you are in the project.
· free on job support during the project.
may assist with project initiation or planning for projects of low to moderate complexity.
great communication skills, presentation skills.
ms office: word, excel, powerpoint, visio.
great communication skills.
· engage with customers on regular basis, project kick-off, project meetings, workshops with business stakeholders.
· within a project, functionally advise the technical delivery team, onshore, nearshore and, or offshore, as per needs.
· participate in the business development process for im opportunities as needed.
· coordinate and establish a relationship with other delivery teams, oce, compliance, pmi, as per im project needs.
· 6+ years experience managing information management project implementation.
· strong mdm and data management functional and business skills.
· ability to work with project teams geographically dispersed.
· expert in master data management, mdm, and data warehousing including experience and knowledge in the following technologies: reltio, mdm, cdw, and informatica, etl. · additional qualifications: used to deliver with an agile approach, as well as with other iterative, hybrid approaches.
· excellent communications, problem solving, functional and technical skills.
it business analyst will focus on identifying business needs, documenting requirements and specifications related to data and reporting, communicating with external and internal stakeholders, and managing the process using an agile methodology.
assist with setting up, configuring azure devops to document, plan and manage progress.
adapt agile methodology based on current working environment, resources and user needs, constraints, and implement and train users.
perform basic data analysis to understand data gaps, requirements.
understand and document reporting requirements, collaborate closely with users to implement them, and provide guidance for testing.
excellent problem solving and analytical skills
well organized with excellent verbal and written communication skills.
craft high quality of user stories to optimize the backlog and efficiency of the data engineering team, handle and plan sprints, and sprint demo materials etc.
responsible for clear product, project communication to all partners regarding scope, timelines, issues, revisions etc.
experience in agile product management lifecycle and agile project management tool, s. experience working as a business analyst, in a technology team.
knowledge in data engineering, predictive analytics or data science.
experience or knowledge of data management technologies like databricks, teradata, or oracle is a plus.
experience or knowledge of data visualization technologies a plus.
build processes diagrams to automate data management.
advanced technical expertise in data models, database design development, and data mining.
proficient using sql and able to create complex queries as well as standardize and clean data.
strongly prefer working background in python
the business intelligence, bi, analyst role identifies business intelligence, reporting, and data analysis needs.
bi. perform data validation and quality checks and identify areas for automation, improvement.
execute process improvements to improve data quality and automation.
manage data quality and triage issues, escalating quickly when needed.
bi solutions end-to-end.
power bi, 2 to 4 years.
azure devops.
sql.
excel.
use tools such as sql and excel to translate analysis into actionable recommendations.
must have 5+ years of experience within a data analysis capacity.
education, bachelors degree or greater, in a quantitative field such as statistics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, finance, or economics.
experience working with sql.
experience with data manipulation and data science tools such as python or r. whats in it for you.
this is a 3 to 6-month project, with the likelihood of being extended.
we are seeking a data analytics and bi specialist, skilled at turning data into insights and actions.
the bi specialist is responsible for developing analytical tools and capabilities to analyze business in general.
fluent in: r, sas, spss, or python.
skilled at building predictive models and data mining.
oracle, sql server and etl.
extensive experience with cloud data warehouse, snowflake, etc.
tableau and qlik.
advanced skills with microsoft excel.
frontend arts brings together the brightest minds to create breakthrough technology solutions, helping our customers gain a competitive advantage.
apply proven expertise and build high-performance, scalable data warehouse application.
deploy inclusive data quality checks to ensure high quality of data.
ownership of the end-to-end data engineering component of the solution.
7+ year of experience utilizing python for data manipulation and transformation, python dictionaries, data frames, data stream, joins of all kinds, outside of sql ides.
python modeling.
4+ years of hands-on experience in ml, dl, ai.
research skills – go figure it out and come back with the working model.
7+ years of sql experience.
must know sql very well.
indeed hire and frontend arts inc is working together to find the best candidate for this job.
sql: 1 year, required.
python modeling: 7 years, preferred.
ml, dl, ai: 4 years, required.
develop sql, sql server, queries to return the required data elements and information for reporting and data extracts.
build reports, sql server reporting services, ssrs, for use by internal and external stakeholders.
develop extracts and reporting data objects, sql server integration services, ssis, needed to support internal and external requirements.
· assists in the development and testing of new reports and ongoing support of existing solutions, including defect identification and resolution.
microsoft sql server.
microsoft sql server reporting services, ssrs.
microsoft sql server integration services, ssis.
* three or more years’ experience in data analysis and reporting.
* ability to write sql queries and perform table joins, and complex data merges.
tableau.
expert knowledge of microsoft word, excel, access and visio software applications.
microsoft sql server: 1 year, required.
microsoft word, excel, access and visio software application: 1 year, preferred.
microsoft sql server reporting services, ssrs, : 1 year, required.
data analysis and reporting : 1 year, required.
microsoft sql server integration services, ssis, : 1 year, required.
sql queries and perform table joins, and complex data merges: 1 year, preferred.
tableau: 1 year, preferred.
1. set up and maintain salud systems; including sql databases to support assignment and analysis of work, making sure they operate efficiently, fine-tuning, upgrading, and testing modifications as needed.
3. be instrumental in the bi-directional flow of information between salud and all salud clients.
· moderate to advanced knowledge of microsoft access and microsoft excel systems.
· experience using vba, html, css, javascript, xml, c, java and python is a plus.
· delivers informative, well-organized project updates.
· knowledge of information systems design principles and new systems design techniques associated with sql databases and.
the intelligence analyst will enable customers to fully leverage the range of ai-enabled threat intelligence capabilities provided by the software.
the intelligence analyst will drive customer engagement through high-level inter-personal and influencing skills, expert communication, extremely strong analytics skills.
the intelligence analyst will be the “super-user” for the software and demonstrate and work collaboratively with customers how to apply ai-enabled threat intelligence to the customer’s mission.
contribution of end-user feedback to software development team.
undertaking business development activities with key customers, working closely with other team members.
expert understanding of current counter terrorism, counter intelligence, cyber threats, and border security issues in 5-eyes nations, 5 years’ experience as an intelligence analyst.
excellent communication and stakeholder management skills.
bachelor’s or masters degree in national security studies, political science, business, economics, international relations, or foreign studies.
security clearance.
advanced user of ms excel is required.
microsoft excel: 3 years, preferred.
this person’s main responsibility will be to obtain, analyze, specify, and authenticate the business needs of project stakeholders.
1+ years of relevant business analysis experience in an it or software development field, previous experience in a technical trainer, technical writer, or similar capacity is also fine.
experience using jira or basecamp for project tracking is a plus.
experience working in an agile environment is preferred.
expertise with microsoft excel.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
familiarity with general software development lifecycles.
expertise in excel, pivot tables, and v-look ups.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
excel: 5 years, preferred.
the data operations support consultant provides support to the data management office and the it asset management program on guiding the adoption of standard data and processes that enable the client system to deliver world-class it services and solutions that are responsive to business needs, adaptive to change, and essential to the bank’s mission.
provides support and guidance in areas such as data management operations, data integration, business intelligence, analytics, file transfer and api solutions.
collects, analyzes and presents data quality results.
designs and delivers data management reporting processes, leveraging automation where possible.
preferred knowledge and fluency in ms access, sql, hadoop, tableau, business objects, ms excel, odbc connections, data quality experience, software testing, process development.
a minimum of three to five, 3-5, years of data management experience or industry-related it work within a multi-divisional, multifaceted organization.
help desk support while you are on the project.
but at reingold, each day and each project is different — just how we like it.
reingold is hiring an early-career, 2+ years, data analyst with a specialty in data visualization tools to join our team.
research, design, and test machine-learning algorithms and programs.
digital strategists, creative designers, writers, user experience and information architecture experts — plus the client.
strong background in microsoft power bi or a similar software.
2+ years experience coding in the python and nosql programming language.
2+ years experience amazon web services, aws.
advanced proficiency in microsoft excel.
working knowledge of automation and machine learning techniques.
are you ready to apply your data visualization skills in a fast-growing, dynamic company dedicated to using data and technology to solve the world’s biggest problems.
the data visualization specialist plays a pivotal role in the delivery of futurety’s services.
the dvs is responsible for creating data visualizations in tools including microsoft bi, tableau and google data studio.
evaluate and prepare data for analysis and visualization tasks.
create data visualizations in tools including microsoft power bi, tableau and google data studio.
proficiency in at least one standard data visualization tool, including microsoft bi, tableau or google data studio.
strong project management and interpersonal skill.
this analyst will derive insight and understanding from the wealth of data at our disposal through data visualization, building informative reports, dashboards, application of statistical methods, and deep investigation.
storytelling with data: the ability to use data visualization effectively to tell a story and drive action by presenting information.
continual hypothesis testing through ad hoc analysis and model testing.
working with data engineers, data architects, to define back-end requirements for data products, aggregations, materialized views, tables – visualization.
work with it partners to improve data quality and governance with the goal of delivering value added data for analytics.
collaborate with key stakeholders on how to best leverage analytics to inform better business decisions and optimization operations.
proactively mine data warehouse to identify trends and patterns and generate insights for business units and senior leadership.
support analysts and ui engineers to enhance information visualization through development of dashboards and user interfaces.
drive standardization of key metrics across various business stakeholders to improve data governance.
2+ years of experience in a data visualization, data scientist, or data analyst role.
bachelor’s or master’s degree in business, economics, statistics, engineering, physics, or other quantitative field.
expertise with data visualization tools like tableau, certification a plus.
experience with full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation.
proven competency in dashboard design and information visualization techniques.
proficient sql programming skills with an understanding of database capabilities and experience integrating, structuring, and analyzing large amounts of data from diverse sources.
working knowledge of database technologies, odbc, access, sql.
experience with r, python, and jupyter notebook.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
advanced degree in data science, statistics, engineering, or other quantitative discipline.
familiarity with machine learning techniques.
experience with cloud analytics platforms, ms azure, aws, snowflake or gcp.
strong experience in data modeling, data analysis, or analytics work.
provide analysis through effective presentations to project teams and clients leadership team.
evaluate data collection strategy and conduct quality audits to ensure data accuracy in adobe analytics by working in partnership with development and product teams.
2 years of hands-on experience in dashboarding and visualization with tools like tableau, microstragey, powerbi.
1 year of hands-on experience in sql query language.
demonstrated project management skills.
bachelors degree in a quantitative or research field.
python, sql, power bi, tableau, sharepoint designer.
generate queries and data dictionaries, analyse data and create visualization, dashboards related to audience and direct-to-consumer insights.
ability to work in a fast-paced environment with at least 2-3 years of work experience with visualization tools.
proficiency and advanced level understanding of ms excel, ms access is a must.
hands-on, extensive and proven experience with data visualization tools such as tableau and power bi.
familiar with statistical packages such as r or the python scientific stack, numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, etc.
data analysis: 3 years, required.
master data management: 5 years, required.
are you looking for an opportunity to advance your skills in data analysis.
use a variety of technologies, sql server, oracle, visual studio, microstrategy, salesforce, and business data to help support client base.
knowledge in creating sql queries is highly beneficial.
exposure to tableau, major databases, oracle and sql server, and crms, salesforce.
strong reporting skills in ms excel, pivot tables, macros, etc, and ms access.
project management experience a plus.
assists with the testing strategies and develops preliminary findings.
partners with project management, core business teams to create project documents, project plans, implementation timeline and success criteria.
provides leadership to project planning.
this position will provide information to leadership regarding the state of our operations and require the access, manipulation, and reporting on healthcare claims and administrative data in our data warehouse.
manipulate and build large datasets from data sources, claims and encounter data, to support analyses through use of efficient sas, sql code which will produce answers to complex business questions.
deploy complex qualitative and quantitative analysis techniques utilizing sas and sql.
develop project-specific analytic plans, data manipulation and collection efforts; may include: claims analysis, interviews, focus groups, and surveys involving clients, state agency personnel, and other key informants.
create testing measures and, or algorithms to test and analyze large amounts of data.
design and implement data management and quality control procedures, including writing technical requirements and documentation of data sets.
prepare and deliver all data analysis reports.
develop and present summary reports, ongoing project evaluations and oral and written presentations as requested by client, stakeholders and senior leaders to better inform decision making.
communicate with all appropriate parties to ensure that the project’s objectives, scope, and expected deliverables of each project phase are understood.
plan, coordinate, and review activities related to data collection and analysis to meet deadlines.
advanced knowledge and use of data mining software tools such as sas, sql, or tableau.
advanced sas, sql programming skills.
demonstrated ability to research issues and resources.
excellent communication skills, both oral and written.
sas programming: 1 year, preferred.
sql querying: 1 year, preferred.
tableau: 1 year, preferred.
data analysts will research consumer product companies and maintain a crm, database.
maintain databases of information about consumer product companies, smart data collection, light data analytics.
great verbal communication skills.
expertise in data mining and data uploading.
strong understanding of reporting, using a report writer or excel.
bs in either business, marketing, communication, economics, computer science, accounting.
position purpose: perform provider data management related activities based on plan and contract specifications and standard business rules – includes data analysis and entry, review of data via internet sites and other systems, and usage of multiple systems and applications to validate data is complete and accurate.
education, experience: associate’s degree, or high school diploma, equivalent and 1+ years of data entry, analysis or customer service experience, preferably with healthcare operations, i. e. claims processing, billing, provider relations or contracting, provider data management, or credentialing in a managed care, insurance, or medical office environment.
experience performing data analysis in excel or similar tools strongly preferred.
excel.
support jet reports, bi tools, state tracking systems, and other business required systems.
facilitate object promotion and system regression testing.
ms sql, ssas, ssis and power bi a plus.
strong oral and written communication skills.
sql.
qlik, tableau or other data visualization tools.
hue, hadoop user experience.
machine learning
may assist with project initiation or planning for projects of low to moderate complexity.
great communication skills, presentation skills.
ms office: word, excel, powerpoint, visio.
great communication skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
· minimum of 5 years of experience with data quality management implementation at large enterprises.
· understanding of data quality landscape, processes and design principles.
· familiar with the use of meta-data management, data quality dimension and rules, data catalogs, data quality and data stewardship tools and platforms.
· knowledge of cloud based big data frameworks such as data lake, relational, graph and other no-sql databases.
experience with agile and safe methodologies.
agile and safe methodologies: 2 years, required.
data quality management: 5 years, required.
great communication to both technical and non-technical teams.
data analyst for an enterprise big data and analytics platform that utilizes emerging technology to ingest data in real-time at extreme volumes and high velocity; support data mining, data analysis, and data visualization.
versatile data analyst - able to support data analysis needs in a software development lifecycle and in a business support capacity to find data insights to solve a business problem.
in a software development lifecycle - provide inputs into data arch design, analyze data outputs to validate data quality and communicate gaps to the development team; validate sit and cat results to ensure product meets acceptance criteria; support production data validation and investigations.
versatile data analyst - able to support data analysis needs in a software development lifecycle and in a business support capacity to find data insights to solve a business problem.
in a software development lifecycle - provide inputs into data arch design, analyze data outputs to validate data quality and communicate gaps to the development team; validate sit and cat results to ensure product meets acceptance criteria; support production data validation and investigations.
sql or other structured query languages.
sql or other structured query languages.
data visualization, qlik.
experienced with querying and exploring data within a nosql data platform, hadoop, hive.
we are in search of a part-time data quality analyst to perform a variety of audit functions with regard to our member and employer data.
as the data quality analyst, you will have the opportunity to work on some challenging projects which include, but are not limited to, the following.
performing data analysis of key problem areas to assist in the root cause analysis.
demonstrated critical thinking and problem solving skills.
strong experience in the ms office products, particularly excel.
design or review of test cases, process change requests, and manage project scope, acceptance, installation and deployment.
performs and executes requirements organization, management and communication, and analysis.
excellent research analysis including the ability to conduct market sizing, segmentation and growth analysis.
work with technical writers, incorporate feedback and route to the project management office, pmo, approval.
participate in daily agile sprint meetings, set up review meetings, prepare status updates on periodic basis.
excellent communication skills, written and verbal.
knowledge of all phases of the software development life cycle, sdlc, including requirements gathering, design, development, testing and deployment.
globalsoftsolution provide custom software development services for businesses of every size, across telecommunication industry.
we are a seamless back-end technology partner providing transparent communication and scalability, keeping projects on time and within budget.
contact us now to discuss your telecommunications software development needs.
participate in the development and deployment of a data quality framework, standards consisting of data quality metrics, policies and processes.
coordinate with various stakeholders across various organizations to capture data quality business and technical rules.
support the creation of a data quality management organization including establishing roles, process and tool implementation.
ensure remediation plans are implemented where data fails to meet established data quality standards.
work with the data governance organization to ensure the implementation of data governance standards when collecting data quality rules.
minimum of 5 years of experience with data quality management implementation at large enterprises.
understanding of data quality landscape, processes and design principles.
familiar with the use of meta-data management, data quality dimension and rules, data catalogs, data quality and data stewardship tools and platforms.
knowledge of cloud based big data frameworks such as data lake, relational, graph and other no-sql databases.
experience with agile and safe methodologies
fullpower® designs, develops and operates a complete platform for hybrid edge, cloud ai, algorithms, big data, predictive analytics, together with end-to-end engineering services.
develop machine learning and statistical models.
experience in python and data-science-related packages such as pandas and scikit-learn.
experience working with databases including familiarity with sql.
experience with deep learning frameworks such as tensorflow, pytorch, or equivalent.
experience with and enthusiasm for machine learning, data analytics, visualization, and, or statistics.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
they will be knowledgeable in descriptive and predictive statistics, including regression and bell curve.
title: data analytics with strong tableau.
statistical modeling and experience in developing business metrics.
can do medium-complex sql without any help.
strong tableau experience.
python good to have.
statistical modeling and experience in developing business metrics.
can do medium-complex sql without any help.
strong tableau experience.
python good to have.
sql
tableau: 6 years, preferred.
work on data collection, transformation and analysis on large databases.
perform validations and incorporate robust data quality and integrity measures to data and reporting processes.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
sql: 1 year, required.
data analysis: 1 year, required.
platinum recruiting is currently leading the search for a business intelligence analyst for a high growth, data driven client on the north side of indy that excels in both business analysis and data analytics in a bi organization.
great opportunity to join a leading edge group of bi professionals in an awesome team environment.
the primary responsibility is to research and report on the various business activities occurring across the enterprise while leveraging an agile bi methodology.
this will include both recurring and adhoc reporting and involve heavy data mining and visual representation of findings.
this position will primarily focus on supporting both internal and external clients in their data analysis and reporting needs.
the position also requires strong participation in data analysis, visualizations, interactive dashboards and reporting needs.
experience in tableau preferred, or other analytics tools like qlik or business objects, the responsibilities of this position include, but are not limited to.
heavy data mining using sql, excel, and tableau.
provide support in testing, validating new changes.
identify opportunities to improve data warehouse.
3 + years performing complex data analysis.
experience in deep data analysis, visualizations, and interactive dashboards.
experience in tableau preferred, or other analytics tools like qlik or business objects.
moderate to strong sql experience.
proficiency using microsoft office, specifically excel.
experience with microsoft sql server.
excellent analytical, communication and organizational skills.
must be able to communicate effectively and confidently with project team members and management.
you will assist in testing new releases of credittoolkit to ensure calculations on various bureau formats are correct.
you are expected to have strong communication and interpersonal skills, high motivation, the capability to meet deadlines, the ability to learn quickly and must be a self-starter.
your daily tasks will include working directly with clients, creating short sas, python or c data processing programs to assist in deliverables, collaboration with cross-functional teams, and learning credit bureau formats and dmsxml data structure.
you enjoy working with project teams and acting as a subject matter expert.
experience of programming languages such as sql, python, r, c or sas.
bachelor’s degree in math, statistics, computer science, computer engineering or related disciplines preferred.
work on high-visibility projects, price optimization, content marketing, and demand forecasting.
degree or currently pursuing degree in a quantitative discipline, operations research, statistics, economics.
proficient knowledge of r or python, sql.
comfortable with quantitative analysis, statistical techniques, data mining.
utilizing sas to extract data from teradata and other relational databases for analysis.
creating sas scripts and writing sql queries based on input from analytics and development team.
creating sas data sets by extracting data from teradata database, sql server management studio, and flat files using proc sql, proc import, sas data step, cleaned, validated, and manipulated data by sas and sql.
involved in dashboarding, visualization, analysis and tableau reporting.
involved in data quality, data organization, metadata, and data profiling.
providing technical support on data warehouse teams.
actively supporting the development of systems that provides monthly and daily activity based costing reports and profitability information to departments throughout the company using sas, teradata sql, and troubleshoots the failure jobs.
the usual minimum requirement for performance of the job duties is bachelors’ degree in a discipline, which requires logical reasoning, problem solving, and analytical skills.
position title: client data project analyst.
proficiency in microsoft office including word, excel, access, visio and ms project required.
identify and implement solutions to continuously improve crm data quality.
support strategic crm, sales initiatives with requirements gathering, research, analysis and project execution.
assist with the creation of project and business requirement documents to support technology and business process changes.
define and implement testing strategies relevant to the territory management functions to support mars and totalclient interim or major releases, including designing and executing test plans, documenting test results and triaging issues in partnership with the vendors and bisd.
demonstrate solid decision-making, problem solving and analytical skills with particular attention given to detail and accuracy.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
candidate should be proficient working with sql.
high-level written and verbal communication skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
predict and model end-user behavior using advanced analytical and visualization techniques.
extract and analyze large datasets quickly and effectively, prepare reports and presentations to provide actionable recommendations for the leadership team. apply proper data cleansing techniques and approaches, must be comfortable working with unstructured data with little guidance and direction.
analytical mind, with strong skillset and experience in data mining, analysis and reporting.
experience working in probability and statistics, time-series analysis, statistical significance, correlation, etc.
experience with sql and data visualization tools like tableau, power bi, domo, etc.
have excellent verbal and written communication skills in english.
2-5 years of experience in bi, ba environment.
knowledge of r, python, or statistical tool like spss.
exposure to predictive statistical models, segmentation analysis, customer profiling, association, machine learning.
must have experience with the microsoft office suite, including word, excel, and powerpoint.
excellent verbal and written communication skills, including excellent customer relationship skill sets.
excel:
business analyst work across all levels of organization to understand the elite concept cropping up in their mind and research market that is being entered to develop an unbeatable strategy.
relocation charges will be provided to you during your project migration.
on-job technical support during the project.
work with the project manager on budgeting, forecasting, planning, and monitoring the project.
troubleshoot the project as needed with the project manager, the testers, developers, the client, and our team.
advanced excel skills.
strong communication and interpersonal skills.
a key component of the role is to build business process and system mechanisms which enable aws to identify metrics and analyze data which enable insights to be shared across internal teams.
majoring in business, computer, data engineering, economics, finance, engineering, mathematics, machine learning, science, statistics, and symbolic systems.
basic to advanced knowledge of tableau, power query, microsoft office suite.
intermediate, vlookup, to advanced excel skills, write, edit vba.
configure system settings and options; plan and execute business design, assist in integration and acceptance testing, where necessary; and create specifications for system to meet business requirements.
maintains procedures, methodology and, or application standards to include payment card industry and security related compliance as directed.
begins to build a base knowledge to conduct and support testing, planning, validation by clarifying the intended functionality.
assists with tracking project progress, collecting and analyzing information and trends, and communication to user community of anticipated schedule deviations.
agile project experience, client consulting, communication, system configuration and testing, iterative, agile approach to design and implementation.
problem solving - a seasoned, experienced professional with strong problem solving skills and problem resolution based on a broad base of business knowledge.
ms office and flowcharting - word, excel, powerpoint, visio.
invision is the digital product design platform used to make the worlds best customer experiences.
we provide design tools and educational resources for teams to navigate every stage of the product design process, from ideation to development.
own data integrity of main people data source, paylocity, and other supporting people systems, aggregating disparate data sources using sql, imports and vlookups.
outstanding project management, communication, problem solving, and critical thinking skills.
advanced proficiency with excel and google apps.
conduct gap analysis and data collection and validation.
computer skills: excel, including pivot tables, access, including vba.
excellent knowledge of sas and sql is preferred
have you taken qa, ba, java training and struggling to find a job.
fresh college graduates, testers, developers and business users having good communication skills and wanting to work closely with the business users and technical team.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
work closely with customers, vendors, business analysts and application development project teams to resolve information flow and content issues.
· participate in the development of short and long-term information architecture strategies, support and participate in the strategic planning process.
· provide support for master data management, mdm, system development, implementation and maintenance.
participate in establishing governance for metadata management across the enterprise.
participate in the governance activities associated with ensuring compliance with the enterprise information, data architecture.
· work with business and vendor partners, and project delivery leads to determine business data intelligence needs.
research internal and external data sources for new data and better sources of data feeds.
ensure integration of the project logical data model into the enterprise conceptual data model and that physical models align with the logical data model.
identify problematic areas and conduct research to determine the best course of action to correct the data, identify, analyze and interpret trends and patterns in complex datasets.
· research and resolve business-critical production problems, system abends.
· establish data profiling and preventative procedures to improve data quality.
create data quality metrics for identifying data related issues.
work with project teams to understand the business environment in order to manage enterprise-wide information, data support systems.
· seven, 7, years it work experience with five, 5, years in quality assurance and, or data management required.
· expertise with data quality tools for data profiling, cleansing and standardization preferred.
· candidates must have strong sql skills and background.
o written and verbal communication skills; interpersonal skills.
sql
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
assists with the design and development of survey instruments and assessments for primary data collection and creation of a surveillance system.
bachelor’s degree in biostatistics, public health, mathematics, epidemiology, or statistics; master’s preferred.
three, 3, or more years of experience including; data analysis, data management and manipulation, query writing, i. e. sql or techniques, report writing, and database design.
create extracts from various sources including ecw and perform data analysis to support clinic and continuous quality improvement, cqi, analytical needs.
interact with clinic managers and executive team to communicate critical project, program risks, questions or challenges.
provide training to clinic staff and providers on the use and optimization of the clinic’s electronic health record and practice management systems.
successful candidate will possess a bachelor degree in business, statistics, computer science, engineering, data, analytics or related discipline or a combination of equivalent education and experience.
microsoft suite including expertise in excel; access and powerpoint.
using looker, kargos primary bi tool to construct insightful and easily to understand dashboards.
big data experience.
looker, googles most recent bi-related acquisition, is kargos tool of choice for dashboarding.
youll learn the ins and outs of the tool and become a true expert regarding bi solutions in complex organizations.
working towards or have recently earned a bachelors degree in a related field, statistics, mathematics, economics, or stem majors.
moderate experience with sql and, or data analysis, spreadsheets, google sheets, excel.
supports data selection, extraction, and cleansing for corporate applications, including data warehouse and data marts.
leveraging academic knowledge of sql in a work environment to identify high leverage issues and potential solutions, including optimization of media channels and spend.
preferred majors, minors in statistics, business, computer science, informatics, information systems or another related fields.
proficient in and experience coding in sql, and excited to learn how to use sql and tableau to bring business valuable data insights.
ensure compliance with data privacy and protection guidelines.
research, collect, analyze, present, and communicate data to key stakeholders.
work with project teams and implementation partners to support various purchasing projects, deliverables, improvement initiatives, and organizational objectives.
strong interpersonal, verbal, and written communication skills.
experience with microsoft suite with a deep knowledge in excel and access.
excellent analytical and problem solving skills.
experience with data visualization tools such as tableau.
business intelligence tools, sap business objects, visualization and dashboard, sap analytics cloud, or similar software experience a plus.
actively enrolled in a bachelors or masters degree, preferred majors: information management, data analytics, visual and design communication, business,
founded in 1993, journeyteam has grown from a small software development shop into an award-winning, business-technology consulting firm.
we have expert level consultants that help companies dive deep into the dynamics of their organization and solve complex issues that will improve a company’s sales, marketing, productivity, collaboration, accounting, business intelligence, and security.
leverage power bi to develop internal reports with high validity to be used in daily operations.
create project plans to address concerns while offering the correct solutions to their specific scenarios.
be familiar with 3 of the following 6 tools: power bi, flow, power apps, azure, sql server, azure, sql reporting services, azure, sql analysis.
sql, python, r, dax, m. an understanding of, and love for, the scrum method of agile project management.
clear understanding of statistics and how they impact the proper representation of data for a customer.
experience developing in power bi, power query, and generally the power platform
implement innovative quantitative analyses, try new data wrangling techniques, and experiment with new visualization tools to deliver scalable analytics.
possess excellent communication and presentation skills.
at least 2 years of experience with dashboarding tools like tableau or similar, periscope data preferred.
practical expertise with sql; bigquery or experience with streaming data preferred.
working knowledge of python, r, and, or other data wrangling capabilities are a plus.
in this role, your day to day will be a mix of writing sql queries, fielding customer questions in regards to reporting, and assisting with technical support issues as needed.
1+ years of experience in sql.
advanced user of microsoft excel.
data is the foundation of our business and drives all efforts at agingchoices including supporting cross-functional projects across marketing operations, senior care analytics, and data engineering.
com is looking for a data and marketing analyst that is highly motivated with strong leadership skills, an entrepreneurial spirit, and a love for big data.
you would be working with sql, excel, python and more.
is a problem solver with a b. a, b. s. in applied mathematics, statistics, economics, physics or another quantitative field; with some analytical work experience.
lives and breathes big data.
can build audiences from big data.
can gauge performance of existing traffic acquisition initiatives, recognize optimization, and growth opportunities across a variety of performance marketing channels.
has a general understanding of market segmentation, sizing, and statistics.
knows excel, sql.
python or r experience a plus.
has experience with email marketing and business intelligence tools, looker, tableau - strongly preferred.
nemours strives to ensure a healthier tomorrow for all children – even those who may never enter our doors – through our world-changing research, education and advocacy efforts.
you probably know python, r, sql, stata, spss, etc.
you know how, or want to learn how, to extract data from a database and an api, bring it through a transformation or two, and model it into human-readable form, d3 visualization, qlik, etc.
you understand the importance of security and protecting confidential information.
use big data tools and statistics to analyze hundreds of millions of rows of data.
translate statistics and advanced analytics, predictive analytics, machine learning, etc, into actionable business insights.
improve data-driven decision making by developing complex data models based on disparate data sources as well as the creation of business-oriented applications using data aggregation and visualization technologies, qlik, that associates can use to improve operational, financial, and revenue cycle performance.
bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as economics, applied mathematics, statistics, finance, etc.
meet with clients to analyze their individual needs, determine priorities, provide estimates and determine project scope.
great communication skills, presentation skills.
they conduct research, investigate workflows, business procedures, and recommend changes.
support the management team by providing required data needed for the annual pandl budgeting and monthly revenue forecasts.
proficiency with ms office suite, especially ms excel and ms access.
excellent written, oral communication skills as wells as presentation and team facilitation skills.
must have good problem solving skills and be able to quickly identify, define and resolve problems.
job summary: solves complex problems using data analysis techniques throughout the entire data life cycle.
designs repeatable and optimized workflows using sql, python, and other scripting and programming languages to clean, transform, and prepare data for reporting.
uses visualization tools to assist with data validation, mining, pattern identification, and report building.
support the research, interpretation and analysis of transportation data on topics such as urban mobility, land use, growth management, demographic studies, economic development and housing.
participate on project teams to develop new reporting and analysis tools and workflows.
four year college degree in computer science, statistics, economics, mathematics, operations research, informatics, or related field experience in developing data warehouses, performing data analysis, database management, data integration, etl, or similar roles highly desired.
experience with sql and using access, mysql, oracle, and other rdms highly desired.
experience with python, r, hadoop, hql, pig, oozie, tableau, qlikview, qliksense preferred.
strong analytical and problem solving skills, attention to detail, critical thinking ability, and creativity required. must have excellent written and verbal communication skills used to effectively communicate and clearly present complex information in a manner appropriate to the audience.
this role will frequently use excel and power bi and rely on ms sales, bi pivot table reports, and other data sources requiring microsoft network access.
maintain metadata tables used to update bi reports to show sales by sets of titles, etc.
extract data from bi sales reports to build out analysis of publisher performance.
candidates will have a proven track record of project coordination and analytics as well as the following.
data driven in thoughts and actions, familiar with using excel pivot tables and power bi.
experienced using excel, powerpoint, sharepoint, power point, ms sales, outlook.
we have all kinds of clients, we tell all kinds of stories, and one of the foundations of our work is great research.
as a freelance research and data journalist, you’ll work closely with our team to construct all kinds of stories for our clients to tell the outside world.
you should be able to use a wide range of research tools and resources to deliver thorough, accurate research on deadline and you should be one of the most resourceful, curious people you know.
commitment to delivering accurate, edited, organized, professional grade research on short deadlines is a must.
the right candidate for this role has a strong analytical mind who can conduct thorough research and develop well-written research outlines that will eventually become online narratives.
collect, analyze, record and organize research information, data.
follow research project guidelines.
provide feedback on research viability.
develop conceptual online narratives using research, data.
fact check and copy edit research documents and notify team when research is complete.
3-5 years research and, or data analysis related experience.
demonstrated experience in research and data analysis.
excellent writing, grammar and communication skills.
our client is looking for an it business analyst with 5 or more years of experience with business requirements elicitation, documentation, stakeholder communication, requirements verification and testing as primary job responsibilities.
preference will be given to candidates who have experience in gathering requirements for data warehouse, business intelligence projects.
be responsible for leading and facilitating the communication with it staff, business customers and other stakeholders, implementation services, and support services to assist in the development, implementation and support of business intelligence.
familiarity with state privacy statutes.
data analysis.
experience in data warehouse design and development.
experience in requirements gathering for data warehouse.
knowledge of kimball data warehouse design principals.
data warehouse design and development: 3 years, required.
kimball data warehouse design principals: 2 years, preferred.
ideal candidates will have experience with sap and, or tableau.
perform budgeting and forecasting activities.
sap and, or tableau experience is required.
company is continually evolving the way they use technology to grow their business, transforming the organization through technology such as robotic process automation, rpa, cloud computing, agile delivery, and devops.
must have a service-oriented approach, strong communication skills, and be capable of effectively facilitating and establishing relationships across the business in order to increase the business value realized from the position.
experience working in an agile environment employing agile techniques, ex. scrum, kanban, etc.
partner with product and marketing teams to brainstorm concepts and craft research questions.
develop analytical and statistical approaches to answer research questions, examine data validity, and report on interesting data subjects.
proficiency with python.
proficiency with sql.
experience with r desired.
excellent problem solving, critical thinking and communication,
ability and desire to work with a team of people solving complex problems that often require independent research.
re looking for someone who will be responsible for planning, testing, documentation, and support of all software applications to ensure effective and efficient systems.
ensure project activities meet partner requirements, deadlines, and provide ongoing applications support for business and it staff.
manage communications within project team, other it personnel and management, organizational partners and external consultant, contractor resources.
perform quality assurance testing for system changes and implementations.
ensure effective use of change, issue management, project management and work prioritization.
assist with general project work.
working practice of waterfall and, or agile methodologies.
strong communication skills; must be clear, concise, and able to convey large amounts of information quickly.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
efficiently and expertly utilize tools for statistical computing such as python software environment, extracting data from multiple data sources.
collect and curate data needed for research, especially data that is internal to the organization.
provide ad-hoc analysis utilizing alteryx, sql, and powerbi.
for improvement and have clear expectations for project outcomes.
follow through on project plans and deliverables according to stakeholder and organizational needs.
ensure project documentation and status are created and communicated timely.
build relationships that help drive progress of project plans and timelines.
computer science, information systems degree and, or equivalent work experience in a quantitative discipline such as operations research, mathematics, statistics, economics, decision science or engineering.
proficient in system and data analysis tools including spreadsheets, sql, and visualization tools such as powerbi.
experience utilizing python for data engineering and data analysis.
technology solutions is a software development organization within bd responsible for delivering analytics and surveillance solutions that help hospitals take care of their patients.
capabilities like advanced analytics, user experience design, data science, test automation, project, portfolio management, lean-agile software development practices, and automated software development metrics are critical to our success.
own an analytics project from start to end including relationship building, requirements gathering, solution designing, collaborating, communicating, documenting, and presenting outcomes.
drive details of how the solution meets the needs including writing test plans, organizing test execution, executing testing, and supporting solutions in production.
build data visualizations with a strong understanding of the appropriate chart types to use to highlight patterns in the data for unstructured and structured data sets.
must have a minimum of six years of experience in exploratory data analysis using excel, python and, or r. must have a minimum of two years of experience with python for data manipulation, program development, deployment, and support.
ability to write functions, object oriented code, and leverage automated testing tools such as pytest.
must have a minimum of two years of experience with data visualization tools such as ggplot2 or matplotlib.
must have a minimum of four years of sql coding.
must have knowledge of introductory statistics.
strong oral and written communication skills, including presentation skills, ms visio, ms powerpoint.
strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise creativity and mature judgment.
strong interpersonal and communication skills, both written and oral, including the ability to communicate technical, statistical concepts to a non-technical audience.
on our team, you’ll have the support to excel at work, and the resources to build a career you can be proud of.
develop and implement advanced data analysis, data analytics and solutions that support the business needs.
bachelor’s degree in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of business intelligence, tableau, oracle’s bi, and power bi, databases and programming, r, python.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets.
understanding of machine learning, data mining and experience in algorithmic program development and coding.
emerald is seeking a data and reporting analyst to support ongoing data analysis and reporting needs of emeralds brand portfolio as a core part of our marketing operations team.
the best candidate for this position will have a core understanding of data analysis in a business setting, as well as the ability to identify relevant trends and notable elements from large data sets.
the data and reporting analyst sits on our centralized marketing operations team and reports to the sr. director, data management and analytics.
experience in data integration and data quality projects.
excellent oral and written communication and presentation skills.
prefer proficient in sql and understanding of table relationships.
experience working with tableau, salesforce marketing cloud crm would be a plus.
create user-friendly reports and tableau visualizations for staff and management.
enhance existing and build new tableau dashboards as needed.
track, review, manage and audit software development projects, particularly from database access and usage perspectives.
applicants must be reliable, dynamic, sociable and enthusiastic team players; while possessing a positive can-do attitude, excellent judgement and communication skills.
hands-on familiarity with sql data querying, coding experience and understanding of basic coding syntax.
advanced excel skills to create, edit pivot tables, understand, create, manipulate database formulas, create, modify macros, vba knowledge preferred, adjust formatting to create professional reports.
advanced data visualization skills, preferably with tableau.
must have the ability to research, think through and solve technical and analytic problems.
strong communication skills, attention to detail, analytical curiosity is required.
4 mile analytics is a full-service consultancy with expertise in strategy, data analytics, data engineering, and software development.
ability to connect with clients and colleagues of different backgrounds and communication styles, through empathy and clear verbal, visual, and written communication.
build data models and complex sql queries.
work with data engineering to construct architectural data solutions.
provide insight into basic strategies for database architecture.
advanced sql skills.
strong excel skills required.
basic understanding of databases and sql a plus.
strong communication and organizational skills.
if you are a california resident applying for a job, you consent to our california job applicant privacy notice.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
excellent communication skills, technical and non-technical, and comfort working in a fast-paced environment.
excellent sql skills, fluency with bi, visualization tools, deep knowledge of excel.
additional knowledge in r, python, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks, a plus.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
if you are a california resident applying for a job, you consent to our california job applicant privacy notice.
performs routine financial and data analysis.
excellent communication skills.
exceptional experience with microsoft office including excel and powerpoint.
experience with power bi, tableau.
microsoft excel: 1 year, required.
an ideal candidate will have end to end experience in retrieving data using data mining languages, sql, plsql, python, etc, and developing an effective executive level analytics dashboard that clearly communicates a clear data story.
the work requires extensive experience in responsive visualization design, proficiency with interaction design and user interfaces and familiarity with mining and manipulating data.
the ideal candidate should have a background in analytics and statistics, the ability to foster relationships with staff across departments and be motivated to continuously achieve positive results.
apply statistics and data modeling to gain actionable business insights and boost productivity and revenue.
bachelors degree in analytics, statistics, mathematics or similar focuses.
expert knowledge of tableau, ms excel and other bi analytics tools.
extensive knowledge of tableau server a plus. must have advanced level understanding of dashboard design.
working knowledge of sql, impala, python, sap hana, etl, elt, etc.
working knowledge of big data instances: cloudera, azure, snowflake, and the like.
javascript experience required.
superior communication and presentation skills.
excellent communication and inter-personal skills.
position overview: provide backend support for the financial team to serve clients who conduct clinical research studies.
develop reports to present validation of data and payments, and, or a, r, accounts receivables.
proficiency in microsoft excel.
have strong knowledge in microsoft excel and their functions, tools.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
examines data quality, applications, and functions.
uses timely and appropriate participation of users, customers in data collection and query systems.
data visualization experience with power bi, minimum 3 years.
fluent in oracle pl, sql and microsoft t-sql.
proficient with toad and sql server management studio, ssms.
prior code-writing experience using python, c, vb.
net, c, c++ or java.
familiarity with software development life cycle, sdlc, process.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
examines data quality, applications, and functions.
uses timely and appropriate participation of users, customers in data collection and query systems.
data analysis: 5 years, preferred.
uses tableau, excel, or other tools to analyze data and produce professional and compelling charts, graphs, and reports.
supports informed decision-making through data analysis and manipulation.
satisfies ad hoc data requests using sql.
makes suggestions for improvements and additional value-added data project.
bachelor’s degree in management information systems, bi, statistics, mathematics, economics, computer science or another related field.
experience with relational databases and sql query writing.
experience using statistical or visualization packages for analyzing datasets, tableau or comparable.
strong excel skills.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
data mining experience desired, but not necessary.
this is a 3 to 6-month project, with the likelihood of being extended.
we are seeking a data analytics and bi specialist, skilled at turning data into insights and actions.
the bi specialist is responsible for developing analytical tools and capabilities to analyze business in general.
fluent in: r, sas, spss, or python.
skilled at building predictive models and data mining.
oracle, sql server and etl.
extensive experience with cloud data warehouse, snowflake, etc.
tableau and qlik.
advanced skills with microsoft excel.
in this position, the education data analyst will supportaem’s research and evaluation team by reporting on data analytic tasks for onelarge u. s. department of education data collection.
responsibilities may include: writing documentation for thedetection of data quality errors, providing technical assistance to datasubmitters to improve data quality, analyzing data and creating replicableprocesses for detecting and outputting data quality errors.
depending on skill and background, the analyst could also get hands on experience working with large datasets inactivities that include cleaning administrative data, adapting and creatingcoding for detecting data quality errors, identifying trends in longitudinaldata, analyzing data according to requirements and developing output thatfacilitates data use and research.
· provide support to carry out research and evaluation tasks asassigned.
· conduct exploratory data analysis and data visualization.
· strong research and analytical skills, especially inquantitative analysis.
· excellent communication skills, oral and written.
proficiency in sas, spss, stata, excel, and, or other statistical reporting tools.
knowledge of tableau and, or other data visualization tools about company.
r: 1 year, preferred.
manage multiple systems and work directly with vendors to ensure optimization.
three or more years of professional data analysis experience.
proven experience and examples of working in complex data collection and the ability to formulate into understandable information.
strong proficiency in ms excel and powerpoint.
experience with tableau, powerbase, and other advanced data analytics tools highly desired.
outstanding written and verbal communication skills.
deep subject matter expertise with tableau is a must.
experience with sql and clickstream or similar data is helpful.
hands-on experience with hadoop stack of technologies – hive, pig, pig-udf.
advanced experience with scripting language – python or shell is a must have.
we are a mission-driven company committed to the power of ai, public data, and real-time information as a force for good in the world.
over the last decade, our team has established and refined the leading ai platform for real-time event and risk detection.
you will work with large amounts of data and develop models, conduct research to inform decision making, and convey strategic insights.
drive insights through data analysis, reporting, and visualization.
complete ad-hoc business and research requests, explore new data sources, providing analytical support for key business decisions.
demonstrated experience with analytical and presentation tools, microsoft excel, powerpoint, google sheets, slides.
experience with, or a willingness to explore, business intelligence tools, tableau, looker.
experience in analytical languages a plus, sql, python.
bachelor’s degree in business, information technology, statistics, mathematics, health sciences, or related field, work experience.
3+ years of experience with the microsoft bi stack, including ssms, ssrs, ssis, and power bi required.
advanced proficiency with microsoft excel required.
technical knowledge of relational databases, sql server, querying, data warehouses, and decision support tools required.
2+ years of experience with python preferred, experience with machine learning and artificial intelligence library strongly preferred.
microsoft bi stack, including ssms, ssrs, ssis, and power
bi:
python:
sql, querying, data warehouses, and decision support tools: 2 years, required.
healthcare data analysis: 2 years, preferred.
be onsite for requirements gathering and business communication.
communication skills: 3 years, required.
software testing: 3 years, preferred.
develop application and data products, business process design and continuous improvement, workflow and customer-focused applications and analytic solutions: acquisition, extraction, translation, visualization, data story, and analytic applications, and other strategies and tactics that optimize data, innovation practice and decision-making.
quickly roll up sleeves to clean, filter data in a repeatable, incremental, agile, and big-picture manner.
concentration: computer science, data science and, or analytics, statistics, econometrics, mathematics, physics, chemistry, media arts technology, interaction design, machine learning and ai courses
microsoft office knowledge: word, excel, access, powerpoint, visio.
agile certification or experience in agile environment preferred.
languages, tools preferred: python, r, julia, java, javascript, html, css3 including animations, oracle, sql server, snowflake, microsoft azure, aws, jira, qlik, tableau, power bi, jira, adobe creative suite, omnnigraffle, axure, invision, google analytics, sugar crm, cvent.
if so, then look no further than the azure customer experience team.
azure customer experience fasttrack for azure team helps customers accelerate their move to azure, getting them on track to “build it right the first time.
fasttrack takes a solution-centric approach, providing customers with access to microsoft azure engineers, tools and best practices to increase and accelerate customer success in leveraging the benefits of consuming azure services.
the fasttrack for azure team is looking for you: a data analyst with ux design experience who brings great teamwork, high-energy and positive attitude to develop and deliver key analytical insights to drive the business and ux frontend design.
this role is integral to measuring and refining the fasttrack for azure program results as the program continues to rapidly evolve.
feel of all fta bi reports and establish framework for all.
demonstrated experience with data modeling and visualization using power bi, dax, power query, sql, and excel.
familiarity with the microsoft azure business and microsoft internal data sources.
ability to meet microsoft, customer and, or government security screening requirements are required for this role.
these requirements include, but are not limited to, the following specialized security screenings.
our it team is a primary federal contractor for department of defense agencies where our focus is on identity management and software development credentialing, and personnel security and benefits.
data analyst iv performs business and data requirements gathering and data analysis tasks.
degree requirement: bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or related field.
years of experience: 10+ years in data analysis.
experience with one or more of the following: pl, sql, sql, sas, r, python, java.
applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for a public trust clearance or higher.
data analysis.
apply management analysis processes, statistical methods, and technical and analytical research techniques to determine solutions based on client requirements with an it services, solutions-based scope.
perform statistical modeling and simulations.
creates project plans to achieve performance-based objectives, enhancing implementation, systems and service.
provides integral support in mission requirements determination, conceptualization, design, development, testing, verification and validation, documentation, and implementation of system applications.
demonstrates creative problem solving skills; ability to generate data-driven, actionable insights and recommendations.
build, confirm, and prioritize project plans and deliverables with clients and vendors.
demonstrate analytical and problem solving skills and strong leadership and project management skills.
flexibility related to work hours as project demands arise.
work with a cross-functional team to understand business requirements and promote data-driven decision making during all phases of a project’s lifecycle.
oversee the data collection process and ensure key pieces of information are being tracked properly.
ability to extract data by writing your own sql queries.
experience using bi tools such as tableau or amazon quicksight.
programming for data analysis, r or python.
a quick and adaptable learner with a knack for problem solving.
working knowledge of machine learning
you will work closely with marketing, sales, editorial and product to deliver insights and recommendations to fuel brand growth strategy and tactics by using statistical analysis and data mining techniques.
work as part of a centralized analytics and research team on quantitative and qualitative research to understand brand content and product resonance, audience interests, and ongoing audience insights.
mine large amounts of data and perform data analysis to extract useful business insights for a wide range of topics including product development and performance, market dynamics, consumer and audience knowledge, internal operations, and external research.
create models, simulations, and optimization routines.
data acquisition using sql and python from sources like oracle, twitter, google, linkedin, public databases, facebook, and google analytics.
tableau and excel for data exploration and presentation.
r, rapidminer, mysql, oracle, excel, and other tools for data mining using techniques like scenario modeling, pattern detection, a, b testing, nearest neighbor, cluster analysis, sentiment analysis, decision trees, optimization, simulation, regression analysis, utilization of ensembles, and other types of analysis a plus.
understanding of digital marketing, consumer research, and the overall digital landscape.
strong written and oral communication skills.
bachelor’s degree in business analytics, market research, business, advertising, marketing, statistics, psychology, sociology or related field, or equivalent experience.
experience, either through academic work, projects, internships, previous work experience, in quantitative and qualitative market research, political polling, consumer insights, brand management or other related work.
you’ll use problem-solving skills and toolsets like sql to help the team understand the most important behaviors of our players.
design, implement, organize and analyze advanced statistical testing for specific game needs, a, b testing.
bachelors, masters degree in computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics, business administration, or related field.
proficiency using sql, statistical packages, r, matlab, etc, and python or other scripting language.
proficient verbal and written communication.
excellent performance in classes like calculus and statistics.
software coding skills are a plus, google app scripts, sql, java, etc,
relational database skills, especially using sql to write and execute complex database queries.
experience with teradata is strongly desired.
sas knowledge and experience is strongly desired.
sas : 3 years, preferred.
sql
data analysis: 2 years, preferred.
analysis of machine learning predictions, impact, and identifying opportunities for improvement.
experience utilizing sql.
experience in creating regression models or predictive models.
outstanding analytical, problem solving, and organizational skills.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
proficiency in excel, familiarity with relational databases.
experience with statistical analysis, regression modeling and forecasting, time series analysis, data mining, financial analysis, demand modeling, and personalization.
knowledge of python, r, or similar software packages used in ml and data analysis.
responsible for extracting data from multiple sources to create integrated datasets and reports addressing business and research questions.
creates communication strategies and presentations for both internal and external customers to educate and address continuous quality improvement initiatives.
2 - 4 years of work experience in data analysis and retrieval that reflects a proven track record or proficiency in the competencies noted.
advanced excel knowledge, pivot tables, v-lookups.
sql skills preferred, or other coding language or tool, such as sas.
general business - ensuring project discipline, general business - turning data into information.
desktop tool - te microsoft excel.
candidate privacy information.
aetna takes our candidates data privacy seriously.
at no time will any aetna recruiter or employee request any financial or personal information, social security number, credit card information for direct deposit, etc, from you via e-mail.
xpect service, a samiti technology company, is actively seeking an implementation project manager for an investment management company in dallas, tx area.
this person will be responsible for coordination and completion of the migration of historical custom characteristics data from excel, building out the database, reconciling, and building out a reporting framework within factset.
· advanced microsoft excel skills.
microsoft excel: 2 years, required.
work on project teams in a collegial and professional manner.
sql or sas or ms access.
project-based and ad-hoc data analysis and reporting requests.
assist with data governance initiatives, identifying and documenting key data elements and source systems.
performs data quality control checks and validation processes on housed data.
educate front line data entry individuals on data quality standards required for effective database management.
perform data analysis in support of strategic initiatives.
5+ years of experience developing in sql, c, or python.
5+ years of experience with database management and analysis, data profiling, data architecture, data governance.
1 - 3 years of experience working with data visualization tools, powerbi, tableau, qlik, etc.
excellent communication skills, both verbal and written.
the ideal candidate will be a problem solver with advanced knowledge of excel creating pivot tables, vba and, or other systems.
someone who enjoys data optimization and cleansing using formulas will do well in this role.
the data analyst will support our coo and his team as needed with monthly closing, financial reporting, forecasting, and other ad-hoc reporting.
develop and implement data collection and data analysis systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
actively engage in development of business plan and budgeting process.
advanced ms excel knowledge including pivot tables, formulas and vba code, visual basis for application.
strong analytical skills related to working with unstructured data.
develop strong business and technical understanding of master data management product and data warehouse.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel.
develops ad-hoc reports for data analysis to support initiatives.
· develops ad-hoc reports to conduct data analysis and validation.
· demonstrated written communication skills intermediate.
· demonstrated interpersonal, verbal communication skills intermediate.
· microsoft excel advanced required.
· sql server system intermediate preferred.
· statistical analysis systems, sas, beginner preferred.
· oracle database management system, dbms, intermediate preferred.
· tableau beginner preferred.
· statistical analysis systems, sas, beginner preferred.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
prepare analysis in excel be retrieving and interpreting data from service titan.
work with stakeholders to implement and recommend changes to improve service titan data management.
maintain project tracking worksheets.
excellent math aptitude and analytical skills; good overall concept of cost and selling prices.
ability to work well under pressure to meet project deadlines.
excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to respond to incoming emails with proficiency and professionalism.
business intelligence, bi, specialist i. reports to: vp of engineering.
we are seeking a business intelligence, bi, specialist i to join our engineering team.
the ideal candidate has a passion for data and design and loves to provide business insight through data analysis and presentation.
core skills include understanding key business questions, working knowledge of enterprise data models, writing advanced sql queries, and developing reports and dashboards with an eye for aesthetics and effective visual communication of data.
exceptional communication skills.
demonstrated sql experience, with an emphasis on querying multiple large-volume data sets for the purpose of summary reporting.
skilled in using reporting tools such as sql server reporting services, ssrs, power bi, tableau, crystal reports, etc.
nice to have: some experience with programming languages such as python or powershell.
communicate campaign insights generated by our analysis and share communication best practices internally.
gpa or equivalent, computer science, statistics, analytics, economics, data science or comparable major.
exposure to or an understanding of tools, systems like sql, social analytics tools, like crimson hexagon, python, r, etc.
strong verbal and written communication.
proficiency in excel, powerpoint, google docs a bonus.
and we need smarter machine learning solutions to help tackle the problem.
as a member of our team, you will be part of the design and development of new game changing solutions that would have a real impact on the next generation security solutions at proofpoint.
analyze data to research and improvement classifiers.
oversee creation of data sets for machine learning training, verification, testing.
research improving and creating new models for improving classification.
develop methods to evaluation new machine learning models.
ml classification experience.
works in conjunction with business analysts and data architects to create and consolidate analytical data models in the data warehouse and data lake, simplifying data model complexity while still meeting the business and analytical needs.
decompose business use case documents into data architectural approaches to drive decision-making for data model and data warehouse optimization.
create standardized data model analysis templates with focus on analytical needs and capabilities for data architects to consume and make informed decisions on data warehouse data models.
provide weekly team status reports and updates on key business partners’ data architecture progress.
3 plus years of sas programming proficiency, data step processing, developing and calling sas macros, and running statistical procedures, reporting and expertise in excel.
3 years using data management and visualization tools such as sql, tableau, qlik, r, or power bi, optional.
friendly client communication skills, with the ability to present analysis and results to non-technical audiences.
sas programming is required.
bachelors degree from an accredited college or university with a major in statistics, economics, or a natural science and nine hours of graduate level courses in statistics or masters degree from an accredited college or university in statistics, economics, or a natural science.
as a member of the statistical department, you will be involved with data mining, manipulation and development of premium, loss, and expense reports to submit to insurance bureaus, regulatory departments, and state agencies.
you will have close customer interaction, internal and external, on insurance data reporting requirements, along with additional data management activities on deadline-driven reporting schedules, monthly, quarterly, ad hoc basis.
write business requirements for new program data and coverage initiatives; along with assistance on on-going systems maintenance and testing.
provide high-quality support to internal and external customer needs including data mapping, data quality analysis, review, and investigation into reasonability inquiry resolutions.
bachelor’s degree in arts or science, with emphasis in data analytics, statistics or a related field.
strong technical skills with microsoft office products, excel – pivot tables, vlookup, sql tool, along with willingness to learn existing in-house applications.
excellent organization, analytical, problem-solving, interpersonal, written and verbal communication skills; ability to successfully work in a team environment and communicate with various ranking levels of internal and external customers.
the candidate will assist others within the solutions department in looking at their data to make informed business decisions, as well as assisting with data mining and management, evaluating trends and making recommendations for network improvement.
needs to have tangible experience with, tableau, excel, sql and ideally some experience with python.
making data interactive on tableau reporting tools to keep our visibility live and current.
have experience with sql language, tableau and excel.
degree from college or technical school which includes data management and analysis and a minimum of six months related experience and, or training or equivalent combination of education and experience directly related to data analysis.
complete training on analytics tools, including tableau, databricks, redshift.
analyze big data, distill insights, and make business recommendations to drive product and strategy decisions.
work independently or as a member of a small team to conduct rigorous, fact-based research to advise senior management on critical business decisions.
bachelors degree in economics, finance, statistics, mathematics, or another quantitative field.
expert knowledge of complex analytical techniques including modeling, optimization techniques, etc.
extensive knowledge of tableau, sql and microsoft excel.
background in data mining, statistical analysis, and modeling, with experience in deploying models in a production environment.
proficiency in python, scala, r, with related statistical and machine learning packages.
superior communication skills, including the ability to take complex, ambiguous topics and create compelling narratives for different audiences.
experience with a, b and multivariate testing.
acorns smart portfolio algorithms automatically work in the background of life, helping users build wealth naturally, pennies at a time.
eag onesource is currently seeking a data and reporting analyst with strong spotfire, python and sql experience.
manage the full life cycle of assigned projects, including research, data mining, data analytics, design, development, testing, implementation, and documentation.
create reports, dashboards, and other visualizations using spotfire, microsoft technologies, sql, ssas, ssrs, power bi, and other bi platforms.
2+ years of experience with python development.
advanced knowledge of sql.
tableau, power bi, alteryx, or qlik experience a plus.
strong and effective inter-personal and communication skills and the ability to interface professionally with a diverse group of clients, including management and senior level executives.
strong in all major microsoft office product, word, power point, excel, and microsoft visio.
the data analyst associate works in collaboration with both project and data staff to provide data support on several sponsored research projects for the illinois department of children and family services, idcfs.
this position will primarily focus on the production, description and visualization of child and adolescent needs and strengths, cans, data for idcfs population and providers.
utilizes multiple quantitative and qualitative datasets from a variety of sources and interprets results using various techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining.
utilizes sql to load, clean, shape, format, and transfer data.
prepares data visualizations using stata, excel, and powerbi.
merges complex data sets using sql, powerpivot, stata and powerbi.
collaborates with project staff and outside clients to develop meaningful statistical reports.
designs and prepares documentation for qualitative and quantitative data analysis.
collaborates with project staff to develop meaningful statistical reports.
completes data cleaning and organizes data files for analysis.
microsoft office, word, excel, powerpoint, access, outlook.
pl, sql.
problem solving.
ability and desire to work with structured data using common software applications such as excel.
experience using a procedural programming language such as stata, r or python.
the resource will be responsible for documenting our slc requirements, requirements, design, testing, etc, as well as interfacing with other internal groups on integrations.
it would be desirable for the resource to also have experience training project managers on the use of the ppm tool.
degree in information systems, accounting, health information, business, and, or similar discipline with analytical bias, 2+ years relevant experience in positions that require financial analysis, demonstrated financial acumen and, or analytical experience including familiarity with concepts of forecasting and variance analysis, and, or data interpretation and analysis, maintains integrity of the organization’s databases, compiles information from all components of the organization, and provides support to departments requiring financial data, reports and, or analysis, intermediate up to advanced proficiency in excel, 2+ years of experience performing in data analytics and ad hoc analysis using data reporting tools.
once you’ve shown an ability to take ownership over workstreams to an expected level of quality you will begin to play a project management role.
design and implement complex algorithms to generate metrics.
assist in business development activities as necessary.
proficiency with microsoft excel, word, and powerpoint.
sql experience is a plus.
desire to master sql, tableau and other business intelligence tools.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
youll find interesting new challenges every day on the forefront of data analysis.
excel skills.
sql aptitude.
strong data modeling and data visualization skills across a range of platforms including. 1, excel and excel vba.
2, postgresql or similar data engineering platforms.
knowledge of fundamental business concepts, operations research and statistical techniques.
previous work experience in building business algorithms, scenario planners, solving business problems using optimization techniques and running project management offices is preferred.
basic software engineering project management experience in agile, lean, or scrum development is a plus, in particular defining requirements, rapidly iterating and deploying features.
undergraduate or graduate degree, preferably in computer applications, engineering, business management, mathematics, operations research.
you will apply your data engineering skills to solve real-life, complex problems and deliver long term sustainable impact.
youll build a business, optimization, and financial models and deploy transformation tools drawing upon various analytics techniques, excel, vba, tableau, sql, alteryx, power bi, m, dax, etc.
ai
the city of norfolks office of budget and strategic planning is currently seeking qualified candidates with proven research and analytical experience for the position of data analyst.
in support of over 225, 000 residents, regional neighbors, and visitors from all over the world, the city of norfolk employs over five thousand hard-working, agile, and accountable individuals who each play a vital role in making norfolk the unique and authentic city of the future that its citizens deserve and demand.
four years experience in data analysis or related field; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
experience building and administering reports and dashboards in enterprise systems such power bi or tableau.
machine learning experience.
programming experience in languages such as sql, r, python, javascript, etc.
as a marketing data analyst intern, you will assist our marketing department with creating reports using sql server and access databases.
working knowledge of sql and access
employing data mining techniques and statistical analysis to generate ad-hoc reports and develops data visualizations to assist management with identifying patterns, enhancing insights and making fact-based decisions based on data presented.
minimum qualifications: four, 4, years of progressive and relevant work experience employing data discovery techniques to analyze large amounts of complex data housed in integrated tax systems and, or data warehousing systems; identifying trends and patterns; and utilizing data visualization tools to assist management with making fact-based decisions.
determine, document and communicate kpi reporting, tool, and working-level reporting design for developer use; ensure designed solutions meet scalability and security requirements.
experience with erp systems, ideally with sap, business intelligence, and data visualization tools.
sap business warehouse, sap bex query designer, sap bex analyzer, sap analysis for office and microsoft excel, etc.
knowledge of data processes, report validation methods and data warehouse.
sql experience, min. 3 years.
strong excel and sql skills.
design and maintain python scripts to drive our paid search automation platform, including campaign re-structures and rule-based bidding.
3+ years of direct experience in a data analyst or data engineering role, preferably in environments with data requirements from multiple sources.
expert-level knowledge of sql and scripting languages like python.
strong written and spoken communication skills.
· develop, update and execute policy, procedures for data management and data accessibility.
· develop dashboards and visualizations to show data collection status and provide first-pass analysis.
bachelors degree in a quantitative discipline, economics, engineering, mathematics, operations research or statistics, or a discipline that fosters problem solving, structured thought, and creativity.
experience utilizing tableau, powerbi, and, or oracle data analytics, visualization tools.
a strong understanding of creating sql queries.
minimum of 1-3 years of quantitative analysis and problem solving experience.
strong microsoft office skills, especially excel skills.
ability and experience to execute, maintain, and troubleshoot existing scripts and reports developed using sql, microsoft excel, or other analytics tools a must.
the successful candidate will provide support to project managers and the account management team in the implementation and ongoing support of ventiv products.
work with project manager and business analyst to understand data mapping design requirements; translate business requirements into technical specifications.
research, resolve, and respond to questions received via telephone calls, emails, and other tools in a timely manner, in accordance with defined standards.
communicate issues and budget concerns to manager and project manager, account manager.
3+ years of pl sql experience and sql server.
experience in the identification of data quality.
to you, r and spss are more than just letters of the alphabet.
you’re interested in being rewarded for your efforts and getting your start in market research.
more about the research analyst.
the market research analyst performs research and gathers data to support clients and our products.
a bachelor’s degree in marketing, economics, statistics, or related field.
advanced knowledge in microsoft office suite, excel, powerpoint, and word.
an expert excel user and proficient in statistical modeling software like r or spss.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
you’re experienced in marketing, market research, presentation development, and reporting research results.
you studied statistics or have conducted original research using quantitative and qualitative techniques.
comfortable with creating data-driven analysis, such as advanced google analytics usage and split testing.
work with tableau, excel, and other data analysis tools to aggregate data, compile statistics, create models and produce other data visualizations.
use tableau, excel, and other data analysis tools to clean and aggregate data, compile statistics, and create data visualizations.
proficient knowledge of excel.
strong problem solving and teamwork abilities.
outstanding communication and interpersonal skills.
tableau proficiency.
experience coding with python or r preferred.
experience writing sql queries preferred.
be agile willing and eager to accept new challenges.
collect data to onboard new and existing customers: acquire data from different data sources including database, csv, excel files and gather and maintain data requirements.
develop tableau analytics and dashboards according to customer needs and internal requirements.
experience with python highly preferred.
strong knowledge of and experience with data analytics tool, tableau, excel, databases, sql, postgres, etc.
strong organization and communication skills.
planning for seismic asset management by ensuring all parties are consulted at the initiation of project.
ensure data quality is certified after loading and before it is delivered to the customer.
effective end user communication, written and verbal.
as we want to develop our in-house analytics, we want someone to develop insights, algorithms and data products through statistical modeling and machine learning that support decision making.
you should be highly motivated, results- driven and should have excellent communication skills.
experience in sql or other query languages.
experience in python, r. great
understanding of statistics and machine learning techniques.
great with data visualization- r graphics, tableau.
good verbal and written communication skills, ability to convey results to non-experts.
experience with data analysis, talend certified preferred.
hands on talend data management experience especially in profiling data.
hands on experience writing data quality rules with business.
testing and reconciliation of pre and post clean up.
legacy data analysis.
data quality rules identification.
conduct, analyze and prepare condition assessment reports based on building components and infrastructure needs at the development and portfolio level to make recommendations in formulating project needs, options and consequences.
gov, html, dcas, downloads, pdf, psb, 100_1.
graduate study in the field of urban studies, city planning, business or public administration, finance, architecture, engineering or other related fields may be substituted for up to one year of the required experience on the basis of 30 credits equaling one year of experience.
advanced skill using word, excel, and power point software.
4. database management and reporting experience and knowledge of project management software programs.
employees serving in the titles of or who meet the qualification requirements for economist l3 and city research scientist l2 will be considered.
by providing powerful new ways for people to connect with one another, gain greater access to education, entertainment, medical research, commerce, and much more, our team is empowering millions of customers worldwide.
this position will develop analytical models while automating reporting and bringing the data visualization to life by building dashboards for stakeholders to use.
the data analyst will perform data analyses encompassing in a range of analytic capabilities including but not limited to: statistical analysis, regression, time-series analysis, control charts, simulation, and other mathematical techniques.
parse and manipulate raw data leveraging tools such as r, python, tableau, alteryx, pentaho or informatica.
analyze large data sets, while finding the truth in data, and develop efficient processes for data analysis.
monitor big data with business intelligence tools, simulation, modeling, and statistics.
experience building intuitive and actionable dashboards and data visualizations that drive business decisions, tableau or similar.
experience with solumina bachelors in computer science, data science, or equivalent strong statistical backgroundstrong oral and written communication skillsexcellent analytical and problem solving skillsable to identify stakeholders, build relationships, and influence others to drive progressexcellent judgment, critical-thinking, and decision-making skills; can balance attention to detail with swift executionbackground in data visualization and decision support leveraging open source libraries, packages and third-party tools, tableau or similar, 2-3 years python experience2-3 years tableau experience or equivalent with data visualization tools3-5 years
sql experience 3-5 years data analysis experience with emphasis in reporting.
machine learning experience.
bi data analyst.
must have alteryx, tableau, sql and python experience.
2+ years of experience administering tableau and business intelligence tools, sap business objects, obiee, or other reporting tools.
advanced sql knowledge and experience working with relational databases and data warehouses.
experience with python programming and collibra and manta experience.
hands-on experience with aws cloud is desired and certifications preferred.
superb communication skills, both through written and verbal channels.
collaborating with business partners, application delivery squads, and internal infrastructure teams in a mature agile environment.
monitor data warehouse using proprietary data management tools and sql query language.
ensure the quality of fixed income data and analytics exported from data warehouse.
knowledge of sql query language.
experience working with relational databases, microsoft sql server, redshift.
experience with the microsoft office suite of software, including word, excel, powerpoint, and outlook.
with a foundation in computer vision, algorithms, mapping, and ai, tusimple is working to create the first commercially viable autonomous truck driving platform with l4, sae, levels of safety.
conduct data analysis of driver, vehicle behaviors to support product requirements, acceptance criteria and test cases.
conduct research to support the requirements.
bachelors degree in engineering, mathematics, computer science, statistics related disciplines.
2-3 years experience with python, sql to extract the data and conduct data analysis.
good communication skills, both written and verbal.
work with world class ai engineers.
the senior data analyst will collaborate with the engineering team to establish data collection requirements, sampling rate, accuracy, etc, in a dynamic new application.
the analyst will use these data streams to derive greater system insights from multiple sensors’ outputs, and create algorithms to quantify these insights.
programming and analytical tools, eg: matlab, excel, etc, to formulate models and, or extract insights.
well versed in knowledge of creating algorithms, identifying patterns and insights from structured and unstructured data sets utilizing graphs, trees and, or other data representation techniques as required.
- bs in computer science, math, engineering or related field.
- minimum of 3-5 years technical experience in software development, machine learning or statistical analysis
, data engineering and data visualization related work.
matlab: 5 years, required.
excel: 5 years, required.
data analysis: 3 years, required.
the data intelligence programmer analyst will be responsible for building out a robust data quality testing system by combining their technical data skillset and analytical abilities while striving to constantly improve upon existing processes.
effective communication, strong organizational ability, the ability to independently distill quality metrics, and comfort with large datasets will be critical drivers of your success.
work with stakeholders in executive, data, and research groups to define appropriate methodology, cadence, and volume of tests.
build and administer data flows for extraction, collection, and processing of data quality tests.
2+ years experience with each of sql, python, and excel.
strong quantitative skills, including an intuitive understanding of statistics.
strong communication skills, with the ability to create and present dashboards.
strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise good judgment in ambiguous situations.
ability to effectively extract and communicate insights from data, including visualization and presentation experience.
experience in a product- or project-driven work environment.
the center for global development, an independent, non-partisan research organization in washington, dc seeks a research assistant specializing in data visualization and econometrics.
the successful candidate will have experience with research in economics, public policy, political science or a related field.
the research assistant will perform a range of project research, policy analysis and other duties including, but not limited to, the following.
conduct data analysis using stata, r, excel, and other software tools, and prepare tables and graphs to convey those results.
conduct literature and data searches for ongoing research projects.
provide other research, writing and editing support for various reports and documents.
organize and attend meetings, conferences related to research priorities.
essential software skills: stata and, or r for data analysis and visualization.
familiarity with python, arcgis, and, or matlab is a plus but not required.
some training in econometrics and, or statistics is required.
one to two years of experience in international development or related areas of research or policy analysis is preferred but not required.
along the way, we’ve developed some of the most innovative tools available in analytics, media optimization, reporting, and influencer outreach.
you will work on a fast-paced, impact-driven project team charged with intelligently improving the operations powering the policies and programs that hundreds of millions of americans interact with on a daily basis.
you’re at your best flexing a variety of skills - whether its thinking strategically about how to develop an enduring process, digging deep into a complex data analysis, or putting yourself in the shoes of an end-user to answer a question they didn’t know they had -
we are not building a team for a day—this is a project for the long haul.
think strategically about data analysis and data management to create systematic methods of measuring performance across complex systems and technical implementations.
proficient understanding of how to manipulate data using sql or python.
proficiency in one or more general or statistical programming languages such as python, ruby or r – and, or interest in learning new ones.
experience going from insight to impact: using the results of your analysis to tell a story through visualization, presentation, and writing.
2+ years of work experience working with structured, unstructured data.
experience consulting with clients on how to use data analysis to drive strategy.
experience planning project execution timelines and tying solutions back to key objectives.
· managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata.
· supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
· providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing.
determine, document and communicate kpi reporting, tool, and working-level reporting design for developer use; ensure designed solutions meet scalability and security requirements.
experience with erp systems, ideally with sap, business intelligence, and data visualization tools.
sap business warehouse, sap bex query designer, sap bex analyzer, sap analysis for office and microsoft excel, etc.
knowledge of data processes, report validation methods and data warehouse.
conversion labs is looking for a conversion rate optimization specialist, data analyst who lives and breathes website optimization.
you should have a strong understanding and hands-on experience with experimentation, a, b testing, optimization, website analytics, tracking, and the tactics needed to improve user experience and drive increased performance.
web strategy and conversion rate optimization,
develop, manage, and implement a website optimization roadmap [think mobile-first, including idea management, testing, optimization, reporting, validating, and forecasting.
website testing, analytics, tracking.
strong working knowledge of a, b testing tools, google optimize, optimizely, vwo.
solid knowledge of sql a plus.
bachelors degree required, preferably in statistics, finance, mathematics, digital, marketing analytics, or in a quantitative discipline.
2-4 years of experience running web projects, with a demonstrated track record of driving engagement and conversion rate optimization, in b2c, ecommerce, or direct response campaigns.
fluent in a, b testing methodologies and have had success in driving significant growth through testing, behavioral analytics, and website targeting.
basic working knowledge of html, css, javascript and web ux and ui best practices a plus.
excellent communication, project management, and interpersonal skills.
ability to work in an entrepreneurial atmosphere; must excel under pressure and with minimal supervision.
development, improvement of data architecture for reporting, 50.
sql, python, vba, dax power bi etc.
analyse existing reports and lead the improvement path of the current architecture.
collaborate with other it and data departments to refine and improve the sources of data, microsoft azure, and to evolve existing reports to higher accuracy and less errors.
create efficient models and data flows that facilitates daily, weekly, monthly reporting, i. e. sql server.
microsoft sql server, azure, database shell script.
reporting, analytics skills: excel, visual basic, macros, sql, power bi, tableau, qlik, or similar.
in addition, familiarity with programming languages such as python and, or r. highly numerate and good knowledge of programming software, data management software.
effective communication and networking skills to interact across the organization.
operating at pace and agile decision-making – using evidence and applying judgement to balance pace, rigour and risk.
budgeting and cost-consciousness.
develop strong business and technical understanding of master data management product and data warehouse.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel.
this role will provide greater insight into carter bank and trust’s customer, profitability, marketing efforts, probability, and risk management.
key duties for this role will be to help design and build the data infrastructure necessary to support the implementation of fiserv ivue, ibm cognos, in conjunction with the implementation of a new core – fiserv dna; as well as responsibility for systems administration, data architecture, reporting design and execution, and data controls.
responsibility for systems administration, data architecture, reporting design and execution, and data controls.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
must have at least 3-5 years of database experience with advanced sas and sql skills; experience researching and manipulating complex and large data sets.
extensive experience building superior analytical and reporting tools and dashboards using data visualization, such as tableau or qlikview.
analytical thinker with superior data analysis skills; synthesizing information across multiple platforms, systems, and organizations.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong communication skills, both verbal and written.
high level of attention to detail, with strong problem solving and organizational skills.
working knowledge of microsoft office, especially excel.
as transcriptionist for the ai division, you will perform some or all of the following tasks.
an integral part of nyu langone health, the grossman school of medicine at its core is committed to improving the human condition through medical education, scientific research, and direct patient care.
this position will manage large data and execute ongoing analysis of research questions related to the food environment, eating and food purchasing behaviors.
the analyst will work in the department of population healths section on health choice, policy and evaluation, hcpe, a dynamic and active research group dedicated to determining the influence of public policy on health and health choices and advancing ways to make policies more effective.
a strong area of interest for the group is growing our capacity to use machine learning techniques to solve health problems.
import and clean raw datasets, monitor, evaluate and improve data quality, and create analytic datasets.
to qualify you must have a bachelors degree with 1-2 years relevant work experience in public health, economics, statistics, biostatistics, or related quantitative research field.
must be proficient in sql, preferably mysql.
proficiency with statistical software such as r, python or others.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience contributing to research or articles for peer review.
develop software tools to assist in aircraft modeling efforts and data quality control.
strong spreadsheet skills, pivot table, use of advanced functions, vba, javascript.
strong problem-solving and mathematical skills, especially in context of interpreting graphical and tabular data and how to model these data for use within algorithms.
programming and git version control experience a big plus.
python experience a plus.
effective verbal and written communication skills.
intermediate excel skills, pivot tables, if statements.
experience with powerbi, google data studio, tableau, sap, and, or spss.
the bee corp is looking for a data science intern to analyze hive data and build algorithms in our infrared image analysis platform beginning either in the spring or summer semester.
statistical and mathematical techniques will be used to create models of hive health.
analyze hive data to find insights on colony size.
build scripts to automate data analysis.
bachelor or master’s degree in statistics, applied math, data science, or a related field.
experience working with r and, or python and sql required.
experience with visualization tools like tableau or powerbi is a plus.
familiarity with machine learning techniques and algorithm analysis.
the right candidate loves problem solving, obsesses over data, and is comfortable in a fast paced environment.
ad hoc project work supporting the re-invention of how we manage our business.
retrieving and transforming data using tableau, or similar bi tool, software and ms excel into actionable intelligence.
proficiency microsoft excel.
basically proficient in tableau.
2+ years of professional experience in business intelligence or data analysis.
experience with tableau software.
basically proficient with sql.
data analysis skills: 3 years, preferred.
tableau: 1 year, preferred.
it has become increasingly apparent that in representing the end-user, a greater emphasis needs to be placed on integrating non-traditional primary research data into its insights generation process, web behavior, social media listening, search, etc.
integrating these different, and at times unstructured, data sources with traditional primary research data, survey-based data, focus groups, etc, is becoming critical in driving a data driven culture into intels marketing efforts, including driving more effective media targeting and spending; and the build out of predictive models designed to increase the sales efficiency of our marketing campaigns.
this position requires experience with extracting data from relational databases, using sas, sql or alike, as well as familiarity with enterprise level web analytics tools, adobe omniture, google analytics premium, web trends, etc.
experience with digital media planning, optimization and measurement and familiarity of media tools such as dart, atlas, mediamind, etc.
this position is also involved in clients pursuit of increasingly using unstructured, so-called big data, and structured data with ultimate goal to connect marketing investments to sales and develop predictive analytics capability.
graduate or undergraduate degree with quantitative focus such as economics, statistics, mathematics, decision science, operational research, or engineering.
experience with data mining software packages such as r, sas, splus, sql and statistical algorithms typically used in marketing analytics.
experience and interest in data visualization, reporting, and tool building in order to scale operations and increase visibility to the data, results.
a passion for driving insights into action, including genuine excitement about the opportunity that big data present.
assist cloud portfolio optimization by addressing invalid codes.
use alfabet, apptio, aws, and other tools.
partner with application owners, enterprise architecture team, and cloud engineers to eliminate use of invalid codes.
assist cloud portfolio optimization by streamlining untagged resources.
assist cloud optimization efforts by helping prepare periodic reports on cloud cost performance and optimization assessment.
sql, power bi and tableau.
power users who support the implementation of data governance decisions, maintaining quality documentation and training end users on business intelligence, bi, technology.
supports data and environment governance processes for the assigned domain.
supports project work to ingest key data for assigned domain into the data lake.
participates in monthly peer group collaboration meetings to promote the use of the bi ecosystem.
assists in developing the capability of bi ecosystem users in the assigned domain.
applies statistical methods, machine learning and machine learning tools on data and metadata to improve data quality.
analyzes diverse data sets to identify data quality, coherency and integrability issues and reduce data redundancy.
data profiling - assesses data issues and cleansing requirements to perform data extraction, mapping, collection, and testing; establishes good, quality data.
data communication and visualization - constructs a tale of the business problem, root cause, solution options, and opportunities through illustrating data visually, including reports and dashboards.
data quality - identifies, understands and corrects flaws in data that supports effective information governance across operational business processes and decision making.
sql query language execution on nosql and sql sources.
exposure to agile software development.
exposure to big data open source.
exposure to databricks and informatica data management tool set.
cummins will provide the social security administration, ssa, and, if necessary, the department of homeland security, dhs, with information from each new employee’s form i-9 to confirm work authorization.
bachelors degree in information technology, math, engineering, or business field.
knowledge of big data tools and solutions.
effective oral and written communication skills.
a minimum of two, 2, year experience with spss modeler, or spss clementine, and spss statistics is strongly desired.
slack is looking for an bi analyst to join our sales analytics team to help drive success of slacks sales organization by empowering the team to make data-informed decisions.
this person will have deep technical skills and experience in bi and analytics to effectively turn data into dashboards and insights to answer business questions.
this person will use their influence to help drive decisions, and will work with a large group of decision makers in business operations, sales and customer success to deliver sales bi roadmap.
they will be collaborating with data engineering and other multi-functional partners to build scalable solutions for the business, and this person is passionate about having a huge impact on a growing team.
design and develop bi solutions at scale to tackle business problems.
design, build and automate key business metrics into one visualization to tell a story.
bi role supporting the sales function.
3+ years experience with modern analytics tools such as looker, tableau, clik, etc.
experience of working with data engineering and integrations.
proficiency in one or many analytics languages like sql, python, r etc.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
project management skills; ability to tackle multiple projects and initiatives at a time.
design thinking concepts or other visualization concepts that drive story-telling.
functions as an expert in data analysis, independent of tool in use.
assist in the development and implementation of databases, data collection systems, tools, data analytics, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality, including identifying process improvements to better satisfy business needs.
ensure the accuracy and completeness of data by reviewing reports and performance indicators to identify and correct data collection issues.
design and produce accurate and effective statistical data visualization products and reports for a variety of audiences.
develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality utilizing state-of-the-art methods.
selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques.
ba, bs in mathematics, statistics, or computer science.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design, development, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with sql database systems, postgres, sql server, oracle.
strong programming skills, python, javascript, particularly for etl and data mining purposes.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
degree in a quantitative field like statistics, economics, applied math, operations research, or engineering, finance, business intelligence.
sql expertise - able to write structured and efficient queries on large datasets.
strong proficiency in building data visualizations and interactive dashboards with tools like tableau.
experience in scripting languages, like analysis and visualization libraries in python or r.
strong verbal, written communication skills and the ability to collaborate with cross-functional partners to build the business.
our data solutions team is responsible for building and supporting our data infrastructure to project and analyze our growth and investment in tools, products, and managing sensitive digital rights issues.
we partner with multiple cross-functional teams including product, engineering, design, content, legal, operations, policy, privacy, and data to ensure support at scale.
serve as an expert in quantitative business analysis, data mining, and presentation of data to identify trends and opportunities to support digital rights integrity problems.
demonstrate strong problem solving skills, solve exploratory analytical problems, and contribute to facebook core code.
develop scalable machine learning models to measure and eliminate problems in digital rights space.
b. a. or b. s. degree with a quantitative focus in economics, computer science, information systems, math, statistics, or equivalent experience.
3+ years of professional experience, with a background in end-to-end project management and, or operations.
2+ years experience in using sql or equivalent.
+ years experience using statistical analysis languages, r, python, etc.
experience with data visualization tools, tableau.
experience with large data sets and distributed computing, hive, hadoop.
experience in functional or scripting language, javascript, php, perl.
data analyst, python.
as the jr. data analyst, you will be responsible for utilizing python and r to perform sentiment analysis on patient data in the health care industry.
the junior data analyst will be responsible for writing python to communicate results of patient journey data and create visualizations to present trends to client’s utilizing in tableau, r studio and r shiny.
you will also utilize r to build statistical models and hadoop to wrangle in data from multiple data sources.
this is a great opportunity to be mentored and trained on new technologies in an agile environment.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics or related field.
1+ years of professional experience in python.
ability to tell a data story through visualization tools such as tableau, r studio, and r shiny.
experience working within patient journeys and sentiment analysis.
project experience with hadoop and, or pyspark is a huge plus.
utilize python and r to perform analysis on patients’ interactions and journey experience.
opportunity to receive training on niche technologies such as hadoop.
directly support customers in use of data visualization tools to develop and deploy reports, charts, dashboards, alerts, etc.
assists in selection and deployment of data visualization tools across the company.
provide in-depth data analysis to assist in answering complex business questions.
work with project teams to develop data visualizations and conduct data conversion activities as part of new or modified it services.
maintain relationship with outside vendors, partners for the purposes of supporting data visualization tools and augmenting staff for data analysis activities.
work with training department and customers to develop, deliver, and, or coordinate data visualization training, documentation, and other educational tools and materials.
study use and performance of data visualization tools, data marts and makes recommendations for enhancements.
make recommendations for strategic direction of data analysis tools and procedures in alignment with business strategy.
minimum 3 years of work experience with data analysis.
• bachelor’s degree or foreign academic equivalent in data science, business communication, or related field of study.
formal education in the use of data analysis tools and practices required.
high level of competency with microsoft excel and other data analysis tools.
proficient with data query languages, sql, excel pivot tables etc.
knowledge of data governance structures and purpose.
in this role, you will be leveraging your knowledge of pension data management combined with systems knowledge and skills to convert the data required for coordinating new defined benefit clients.
within the workplace investing group, you will be working primarily with a cross functional team to use multiple software applications to work through data analysis, conversion mapping of data and resolution of data errors found.
your ability to work with complex data sets using multiple software applications, creative problem solving, teamwork and technical skills will help you excel at this position.
bachelor’s degree, in a technical field such as math, computer science, or similar.
understand and manage project documentation.
ability to balance multiple projects while working towards project deadlines and within your allotted budgeted hours.
ability to take ownership of your tasks and take initiative when there are unexpected needs during a project.
use knowledge of sql, informatica, ms access and knowledge of relational database structures you will continue to grow our product.
- experience pulling data from excel and microsoft access databases.
- experience doing data clean up and building reports in tableau.
- experience pulling data from sql.
this person will be responsible for filtering through databases such as microsoft access and excel to collect data and turn that data into information.
once data is collected, data will be cleaned and reports will be built within tableau.
excel: 1 year, required.
data collection: 1 year, required.
the data intelligence programmer analyst will be responsible for building out a robust data quality testing system by combining their technical data skillset and analytical abilities while striving to constantly improve upon existing processes.
effective communication, strong organizational ability, the ability to independently distill quality metrics, and comfort with large datasets will be critical drivers of your success.
work with stakeholders in executive, data, and research groups to define appropriate methodology, cadence, and volume of tests.
build and administer data flows for extraction, collection, and processing of data quality tests.
2+ years experience with each of sql, python, and excel.
strong quantitative skills, including an intuitive understanding of statistics.
strong communication skills, with the ability to create and present dashboards.
strong problem solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to exercise good judgment in ambiguous situations.
ability to effectively extract and communicate insights from data, including visualization and presentation experience.
experience in a product- or project-driven work environment.
as part of the data team within the associations technology and risk functions, the position will entail supporting farm credit easts management reporting and data management needs.
strong collaboration and communication skills are essential both to communicating complex concepts to management in a way that is easy to understand, and to facilitating development and knowledge transfer across the associations management team.
this position will be responsible for developing, modifying, maintaining, and testing custom reports and dashboards for both ad-hoc and ongoing needs.
knowledge of business reporting tools such as business objects, salesforce, ssrs, and power bi are positive but not all required.
this also includes participation in applicable committees, workgroups, or project teams, both within the association and with key farm credit system, fcs, partners.
governance and internal controls: farm credit east believes that a strong governance and internal controls framework is essential to having a data driven organization.
the candidate will be expected to be knowledgeable on, and work within the context of the associations data governance, and internal controls over financial reporting, icfr, frameworks.
responsibilities in this area may include helping to maintain the associations data dictionary and assisting in the development and monitoring of data quality rules.
1-3 years of experience in any of the following areas preferred: strong knowledge of and experience with reporting services, business objects, salesforce, power bi, ssrs, and databases, i. e. sql, or experience in a related field within the banking, financial services industry.
bachelors degree in computer science, information management, statistics, finance, business intelligence or related field required.
experience querying data from a sql server database.
proficient in ms excel.
excellent communication, written and oral, and interpersonal skills, as well as leadership skills, with a particular aptitude in communicating complex technical concepts in simpler language for the consumption of management, decision-makers, as well as for the benefit and development of all staff.
ability to use self service etl tools and self service bi tools.
ability to perform data mining and segmentation techniques.
hands on experience with reporting tools, data analysis tools, statistical modeling tools, data visualization tools, data story telling
may act as project lead to coordinate the development and implementation of small projects.
drug testing and, or other employment-related inquires may be conducted.
we are looking for a data quality analyst who will focus on delivery of high-quality data, help to refine our data integrity framework, and improve reporting to increase visibility of the health of the data in our organization.
you will be a part of our comprehensive data management function, working closely with business partners across the globe.
utilizing data quality tools and techniques to help ensure that data accuracy is appropriate for the intended business use.
documenting, profiling and analyzing organization-wide data to contribute to improving data management processes and to make recommendations for data quality initiatives.
developing data quality rules, metrics and thresholds to support critical business processes and resolve data anomalies.
identifying and executing robust continuous improvement opportunities within the data management processes in the applicable systems.
ideal candidate should be positive, self-motivated, flexible, persistent, with good communication and interpersonal skills and a can-do attitude.
proficiency with sql, required.
experience with r or python, preferred.
experience that covers data error resolution, data management and data quality practices, including data profiling and data quality monitoring, preferred.
bachelors degree in business, economics, finance, math, statistics, mis, or other computational field of study, preferred.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical skill regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
the ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization.
they must have strong experience using a variety of data mining, data analysis methods, using a variety of data tools.
mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques, financial models and business strategies.
develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes.
at least one year of experience in architecting, building, and maintaining bi environments.
expert sql query writing, especially across multiple databases and servers.
experience in programming r. experience with setting up and maintaining bi analytics tools, such as tableau, power bi, domo, qlik, etc.
significant work experience with sql and report building.
advanced excel skills.
strong communication skills.
ms in analytics, bi a plus
help drive continuous improvements to procedures and approaches on how data quality is measured, monitored, and reported.
intermediate to advanced sql skills and experience working with relational databases.
experience with bi tools, especially looker.
experience with programming languages such as python and r. experience with data warehouses like snowflake and etl tools like fivetran.
are you interested in data and using it to improve cancer care and clinical research.
msk has built an award-winning data warehouse with over 30 years of data.
develop reports using complex sql.
create well-designed tableau visualizations and, or python programs.
create tableau dashboards communicating a wide variety of surgery metrics.
use python to automatically email msk physicians a reminder if they have patients scheduled to be released from the hospital that day.
expertise with sql.
significant experience with python and, or tableau, at least one required.
terrific customer service and communication skills working with staff from all facets of the organization.
experience with r is a plus.
interns in each office will also spend the summer working on a group project.
the project will be presented to a panel of company executives at the end of the summer.
details of the project and final presentation will be laid out by supervisors at the beginning of the program.
performing research.
hands-on experience with python and microsoft excel.
understand pivot charts, excel data, and scheduling software - a must.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
sql, teradata, python, tableau, unix.
includes expertise in data quality, data organization, metadata, and data profiling.
may provide technical support on data warehouse teams.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
bs in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics required.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
novacoast staffing is currently assisting a customer in the san jose area with their search to find an experienced epic bi reporting analytics expert that has experience specific to the epic cogito clarity revenue application.
actionable revenue optimization reports, visuals.
if you are experienced with epic bi reporting, and are open to a new contract, submit your resume today.
the data analyst plays an important role in collecting, organizing, and rigorously testing data.
the ideal candidate will have a strong understanding of databases and data analysis procedures.
mission of position: to increase the effectiveness of our staff and the quality of our work product by developing and maintaining accurate databases, writing robust scripts to automate the creation and updating of data, performing rigorous logic-oriented testing, and creating high quality documentation.
source data collection and management.
ensure databases and archives are protected from security breaches and data losses.
developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
2+ years of experience with ms sql, relational databases, and query, script writing.
bachelors degree required, preferably in data analytics, mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
technical expertise with data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, microsoft power bi, ibm spss, etc, preferred.
adept at queries, report writing and presenting findings using reporting packages, devexpress, sql server reporting services, etc, preferred.
excellent communication and collaboration skills.
advanced proficiency in ms office, excel, access, word etc.
use tools and programming languages like tableau, r, python, excel, and other internal tools to work efficiently and at scale.
maintain code-base, sql, used to drive self-service tools, and recommend opportunities for improvement.
collaborate with other teams on shared goals or dependencies and maintain effective communication with relevant stakeholders.
ba, bs in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization, computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering, or statistics, or equivalent work experience.
5+ years experience with sql, or similar language aimed at querying relational databases.
5+ years of experience working with data visualization tools.
proficiency with excel, conditional formulas and formatting, charting, etc.
proficiency with data management, validating and auditing data and reports from multiple systems.
advanced degree in computer science, learning sciences, operations research, econometrics, statistics or related technical field.
2+ years of development experience in python, r or similar scripting languages.
william james college institutional research is seeking a research data analyst, rda, to assist in the gathering, analysis, and reporting of institutional data.
this position will report to the director for research.
the research data analyst will perform routine research and data management activities and procedures.
the rda will provide research, administrative assistance to the following subunits.
institutional research.
data governance, management.
assist in the development of standard data collection instruments, online surveys, and research methodologies, quantitative, qualitative, and, or mix-methods.
perform a variety of routine data collection procedures, implement online surveys, assist in recruitment, obtaining informed consent, administering protocols, conducting interviews, making direct observations, abstracting secondary data from existing records, taking notes, etc. perform a variety of routine data management procedures, coding raw data, data entry, importing, exporting data across platforms, producing basic reports, data cleaning, database maintenance.
perform quantitative data analysis, basic descriptive statistics and bivariate analyses; multivariate experience, etc. perform data visualization to effectively communicate results to various audiences.
perform qualitative data analysis to organize and analyze data for thematic content.
consistently apply the institution’s values of respect, honesty and fairness and the pursuit of excellence in improving the social and behavioral health status of people, institutions and communities.
bachelor’s degree and 5 years’ of research-related experience or master’s degree and 2 - 3 years’ of research-related experience.
experience working in an academic environment and, or institutional research setting desirable.
knowledge of research methods, principles, ethics.
knowledge of outcome assessment and program evaluation ability to perform basic data management tasks, data coding, entry, cleaning, maintenance.
ability to perform basic data analysis, visualization, and reporting, quantitatively, qualitatively and graphics.
experience using quantitative data analysis software helpful, spss, excel, ; experience with qualitative software also helpful, maxqda, nvivo.
experience using data visualization software helpful, excel, power bi, tableau.
advanced knowledge of a programming language is a plus, r or python.
collaborative working style with excellent analytical, written and verbal communication skills.
excellent consultative, project management, and problem-solving skills.
william james college is an institution and a community committed to the principles of excellence, fairness and respect for all people.
work closely with the development and testing teams on complex system changes.
work with end users and data governance to build and maintain the terms and definitions for business information to be stored within the data dictionary.
work closely with the testing team to determine testing requirements for complex projects involving cross-functional areas and sub-systems.
assist as needed in designing and drafting test plans as well participate in testing for complex, large-scale projects.
perform feasibility analysis, scopes projects, and works with the project management team to prioritizes deliverables and negotiate scope of product functionalities.
participate in integration testing and user acceptance testing, uat, and functionality testing.
3+ years’ experience in access, excel, advanced, visio, and ms project.
3+ years of customer interfacing experience – project oversight, customer presentation.
3+ years of sql server knowledge and experience – tables, views, stored procedures.
candidate must have knowledge of data warehouse, bi solutions.
excellent communication skills, written and verbal.
understanding of the project life cycle, both waterfall and agile methodologies.
our partners range from startups trying to bring a new idea to market to fortune 500 companies looking to become more agile.
familiarity with etl concepts like database conversion, data mining, data migration, and data mapping.
strong knowledge of relational databases and experience with sql queries, stored procedures, etc.
strong trouble-shooting and problem solving skills.
implementing solutions on the aws data management technology stack, s3, lambda, pinpoint, athena, cloud watch and data, analytics tools.
small data and big data builds.
structured and unstructured data.
query languages – sql, search.
data analysis, business intelligence skills.
data quality techniques.
data visualization to support descriptive analytics.
opportunity to identify, research, and feed the development of new and experimental products.
participates in design thinking to identify personas, develop problem solving ideas, and pitch ideas to leadership as a team.
we help governments and universities evaluate and improve their research strategies.
elsevier provides digital solutions and tools in the areas of strategic research management, randd performance, clinical decision support, and professional education; including sciencedirect, scopus, scival, clinicalkey and sherpath.
analytics tools experience like excel, pivot tables, ; browser-based extensions, tag monitoring proxies, ; writing macros; connecting to odbc data sources; working with dss reporting tools like powerbi or tableau.
experience working effectively with cross functional teams that include ui and other backend engineering teams, product managers, software engineers and architects.
knowledge of a, b testing and related tools, adobe target, optimizely.
working knowledge of html, html5 ajax, javascript and ui frameworks like angular or react.
this is a growth position and special consideration will be given to those with machine learning experience as we look to grow our ai center of excellence as well.
the data analyst provides business analytics services in the areas of business intelligence, fraud detection, and communication.
create data visualizations in tableau.
create business models in excel.
supports user experience specialists and information architects to enhance information visualization through development of dashboards and user interfaces.
support the data team’s tableau service requests.
expertise in data analysis and understanding of data.
o tableau.
o excel.
o sql.
o python or r. o other coding languages.
o machine learning or ai coding, technologies.
knowledge of data warehousing and database management.
verbal and written communication skills.
effective management of time and workload, agile, kanban.
3+ years of experience as a data analyst, business intelligence analyst, market research analyst, financial analyst, statistician, or equivalent roles.
special consideration for experience in big data, telecom, marketing, or fraud.
an software systems business analyst with proven experience planning, developing, and tracking agile projects.
lead system testing and system validation efforts.
excellent written and verbal communication at both the business and technical level.
strong agile process familiarity.
you love solving complex engineering problems, by creating beautiful, and well-tested algorithms.
2, 800 criteo team members partner with over 20, 000 customers and thousands of publishers around the globe to deliver effective advertising across all channels, by applying advanced machine learning to unparalleled data sets.
we use these statistics to tell stories that are used to make strategic decisions.
manage controlled a, b test design, execution, analysis and presentation of results.
proficient in sql, excel, statistical analysis, and data visualization.
experience with python and object-oriented programming, or a strong interest in learning it is preferred.
sr. candidate with 8-10+ data analysis exp.
on hadoop, sql query, power bi, tableau.
· well verse with databases, mysql, sql server, hadoop, and adept with modern business intelligence and visualization tools, microsoft power bi, tableau, amazon quicksight.
· excellent communication skills with expertise in data visualizations, trend analysis, forecasts, statistical testing and data-storytelling.
· bachelors and, or masters degree specializing in statistics or data science.
work with departmental managers to outline the specific data needs for each business method analysis project.
have 1-3 year of experience in data management.
have a high degree of comfortability in excel.
have functional knowledge of various statistical tools, regression, anova, arima, clustering, and pca.
background in mathematics, finance, statistics or business.
sql database management expertise.
experience with r-studio, rattle, alteryx, tableau, spss, or python.
dive into our clickstream data to understand user behavior, providing insights to guide product improvement efforts and level up our data architecture.
fluent in sql and advanced proficiency with excel, google sheets.
strong knowledge of a programming language such as python, r, or spark.
deep understanding of statistical analysis, and experience with standard techniques including linear regression, time series analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, and a, b testing.
bs, ba degree in business administration, statistics, mathematics. or related field, or equivilent work experience.
experience in data analysis with the ability to identify causations.
following excel, sql, python, r, tableau or data studio.
have experience in machine learning and can identify the correct.
has working knowledge of technologies such as sql, python and.
tableau to manage data preparation, analysis and presentation.
we are pioneering the shift to cloud computing for consumers, small businesses and those that serve them.
the small business data analytics and science team drives user growth and retention using product insights and marketing channel optimization for the quickbooks payroll segment.
develop, execute, maintain, and troubleshoot complex scripts and reports developed using sql, microsoft excel, or other analytics tools.
support the design, testing, and implementation of process enhancements and identify opportunities for automation.
apply expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how customers interact with analytic products.
bachelors degree in business, economics, statistics, mathematics, actuarial science, public health, health informatics, healthcare administration, finance or related field or equivalent experience.
2+ years of experience working with large databases, data verification, and data management, or 1+ years it experience.
knowledge of query development of basic to moderate complexity using sql or other coding languages.
knowledge of basic statistical, analytical, or data mining techniques including basic data modeling, trend analysis, and root-cause analysis preferred.
working knowledge of analytical tools, including r, python, sas, arcgis, qgis, microstrategy, tableau, hadoop, or related tools preferred.
in addition to offering cloud based solutions that span azure, aws, and google platforms, goldentech also provides cyber security solutions to help our customers from threats.
net, j2ee platforms, and harness the synergy between devsecops and agile to deliver solutions faster and on-time.
the resource shall provide data analysis services to monitor and verify accuracy, consistency and validity of datasets to support pw job cost accounting.
the resource shall use sql procedures in ms sql, autodesk autocad, oracle sql and ms access.
build and maintain scalable etl processes and pipelines to bring the data into our data warehouse.
build, maintain and administer looker as our bi tools and be the driving force behind the adoption and effective use of looker within every team of the company.
maintain the data quality and data integrity of the data warehouse in partnership with our data engineers, platform engineers.
visualization subject matter expert with bi technologies including looker, tableau, and, or another bi tool.
experienced in successfully managing projects, programs on-time, on-schedule, and within the budget by utilizing a project management system including jira.
strong listener with solid written and verbal communication skills.
4-5 years implementing and managing bi platforms and related analysis tools with large complex data sets from various sources, ideally with a focus on finance and tech.
confident with a scripting language, python, ruby, etc, to build data models and etls.
- hands on looker, tableau, qlik skills.
tableau, qlik, looker, sql, bi, data warehousing: 10 years, required.
your primary responsibilities include conducting research, analyzing financial data, and producing summaries for management, team members, and, or clients.
creative analytical and problem solving skills - required.
strong knowledge of excel - required.
we are seeking a data analyst on our data science team who will work closely with our business development team to extract valuable, actionable insights for our clients.
strong sql skills and knowledge of relational databases.
experience in python or other scripting languages.
above all, to make a difference in the world by helping people achieve financial security.
advanced knowledge of sql.
expertise in tableau.
excellent excel, word, access and powerpoint skills.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
the successful candidate will have experience in predictive analyses, data mining, and the development of intelligent information for business use.
use institutional databases, purchased data from vendors, market research, and governmental data to provide insight into the student recruitment process through data mining and analysis.
use advanced research techniques to increase and assess the efficiency and effectiveness of targeted marketing efforts; and.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, computer science, public or business administration, or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
data analysis, program evaluation, or research, three to five years preferred.
performing data quality analysis on datasets and reports, three to five years preferred.
bi visualization tools, such as microstrategy or tableau to build customized dashboards for use by both internal and external clients, three to five years preferred.
sql, sas, python, r or similar programing languages for querying data sources, performing the appropriate analysis and creating visualizations, three to five years preferred.
advanced microsoft excel skills.
project management experience.
excellent organizational, written and verbal communication skills; and.
experience in predictive modeling, forecasting and regression techniques.
experience developing forecasting and tracking models that integrate a variety of statistical and financial information.
previous academic coursework in: quantitative modeling, big data and analytics, operations management, business intelligence, data set interpretation, sql, data analysis, and business communications.
previous experience with data analysis, sql, pl, sql, python, and shell script.
working knowledge, experience with data profiling, data analysis, data discovery and understanding of data structures.
job title: data quality analyst.
as a data quality support analyst, you will contribute to support of current critical data and assist with the validation of data in companies digital platform.
maintain existing data quality scorecard measurements.
build relationships with external dealers to resolve xml issues and data quality issues.
complete data comparisons and analysis to identify and resolve data quality issues.
as a data quality support analyst, you will be working with the data quality team to identify and prioritize data quality issues to work.
work with dealers to resolve data quality issues via email and phone.
support etl data mappings and update as needed to resolve data quality issues.
build trust with dealers to identify and resolve data quality.
3+ years of proven experience with sql development experience.
1+ years of software development experience with object-oriented, object function scripting languages: python, java, javascript, c, scala, etc.
1+ years of experience building and executing bi reports in tools such as tableau and powerbi.
experience using microsoft office tools to complete the following tasks: excel and csv files for data comparisons, sharepoint for documentation and communications, etc.
if you’re feeling adventurous, check out a list of the best stuff happening in your city that you love or are visiting, or explore new activities that you’ve always wanted to experience but don’t know where to start, and don’t have time and motivation to research it all on the internet.
develop, implement, and maintain both flat and relational databases for ongoing internal engineering and research projects.
create and maintain ‘data dictionary’ for use by both engineering and research units.
perform data manipulation tasks such as: data cleaning, labeling, and analysis.
create ‘game plan’ for data consumption, which will include basic web-based capture, api calls, and potentially nlp-based keyword search and data transformation.
work with management to prioritize research and engineering needs.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with databases, sql etc.
advanced statistical package skills, r, rstudio, stata.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, stata, r, etc.
strong background in mathematics, economics, computer science, information management or statistics.
strong understanding of database architecture, flat, relational, and tree, node.
willingness to learn and incorporate social science correlation patterns into research objectives, social psychology, organizational theory, etc.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
develop expert level skills and knowledge of the sas system.
bachelors degree in math, statistics, or related field from a top tier-1 business school or its equivalent.
sas, sql, python programming language experience is a plus.
under limited direction, performs a variety of information processing and data quality control functions that are moderately complex in nature where judgment and some initiative are required in problem identification and resolution.
we are looking to provide college students with an internship opportunity to gain real-world experience in developing, deploying, and maintaining data pipelines and machine learning solutions while receiving mentorship from highly experienced industry professionals.
working towards a bs in a quantitative discipline such as statistics, mathematics, engineering, computer science, or physics.
strong problem-solving and communication skills.
strong mathematical skills, statistics, calculus, linear algebra.
some experience with sql and at least one programming language.
some experience with python.
some experience with or understanding of the aws tech stack.
complex sql experience.
experience with microsoft excel and experience performing data cleansing activities in an excel.
5+ years of communication experience: possess strong presentation and communication skills, with both technical and business audiences.
5+ years of data analysis experience: applies advanced analytical skills within functional area.
possess agile experience – safe experience preferred.
this position is a it business analyst which supports agile solution development needs for field operations across power delivery.
this individual collaborates on an on-going basis with the business and technical project stakeholders and applies proven communications, analytical and problem solving skills to help support the development process, and to ensure the project deliverables meet specifications.
possess agile experience – safe experience preferred.
possess strong presentation and communication skills, with both technical and business audiences.
ability to work directly with cross-functional groups facilitate user acceptance testing and oversee rollout of the solutions by measuring adoption.
possess strong data analysis skills.
communication: 5 years, required.
university student pursuing an advanced degree in a stem-related field, ops research, statistics, applied math, engineering, ; expected graduation date of january or may 2021.
experience in one or more programming languages, r, python, c, etc.
leveraging your advanced data analysis skills, you will create innovative approaches to answer our clients’ most relevant talent questions.
you will work with clients and our team to translate clients’ questions into analytical problems, manage the entire data cleaning pipeline, apply machine learning algorithms and data visualization techniques, generate insights, and communicate them back to clients.
provides first-level support to resolve incidents or fulfill requests received from the users; works with enterprise subject matter experts and technical resources to research and resolve issues; provides status on user issues.
design, build and test microsoft sql server reporting services reports, including report designer and report builder.
prepare and maintain documentation of testing plans and test cases.
bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, business information systems, or related quantitative discipline preferred.
3+ years’ sql experience, specifically ssrs.
years’ experience with relational data models and data mining.
expertise and comfort working in sql with large, complex data sets.
perform data analysis on organizational data such as financial and production.
perform data warehouse testing to ensure quality of data units anddata integration effort.
develop procedures to extract data from hyperion database, pro-count database and other sql data sources.
design and develop the architecture of the databases to dump the data from various applications and source systems.
coordinate with it team at client side to set up database at the backend of the application, create views and interlink the app data to other software platforms.
coordinate with it and operations teams on project status, change management and technical issues.
graduate degree in computer science, engineering, statistics or relevant discipline from an accredited university or equivalent work experience.
statistical modeling and analysis skills.
advanced working sql knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring, sql, as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
technical competence in one or more of the scripting languages: python, java, c, c. data analysis, mining in one or more languages: r, python.
experience with tibco spotfire, powerbi, tableau or comparable visualization tool is a plus.
gather information from various sources and interpret patterns and trends that can be turned into project requirements for custom-formatted data output.
developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
work with departmental managers to outline the specific data needs for each business method analysis project.
managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata.
supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements.
providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects, microsoft business intelligence, etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing data-sets, excel, spss, sas etc.
googlers working on google play do everything from engineering our backend systems, to shaping the product strategy, to forming great content partnerships.
ba, bs degree, accounting, finance, economics, industrial engineering, statistics, math.
strong knowledge of sql.
fluency in ms excel, including pivot tables and vlookups.
strong attention to detail as well as strong written and oral communication skills.
experience with r, python, or similar statistical programming language.
knowledge of statistics testing, modeling.
job title: data analyst, data query specialist, sql server bi.
we are seeking a skilled individual to collaborate with staff, consultants, and multiple vendors to support a large data migration project.
support testing and data validation.
business intelligence, data management, data modeling, data warehousing, reporting and related activities.
sql server.
experience with sql dml, data manipulation language – create, update, delete.
sql ddl, data definition language.
o create sql store procedures and user- defined function.
dimensional, data warehouse databases.
sql server report services.
power bi.
excel power query.
working knowledge of microsoft office, with advanced skills in excel as a data source and reporting tool.
uw employees offer their boundless energy, creative problem solving skills and dedication to build stronger minds and a healthier world.
the institute for health metrics and evaluation, ihme, is an independent research center at the university of washington.
ihme carries out a range of projects within different research areas including: the global burden of diseases, injuries, and risk factors; future health scenarios; costs and cost effectiveness; local burden of disease; resource tracking; and impact evaluations.
ihme has an exciting opportunity for a data analyst on the global burden of disease, gbd, cancer team, a core research area for ihme is the global burden of diseases, injuries, and risk factors enterprise, gbd.
the main purpose of this position is to provide support to key research projects through database management, data quality management, computational support to multi-disciplinary research projects, data extraction and formatting, and providing key inputs for papers and presentations.
data analysts must develop an understanding of different research needs and analytic functions across multiple projects to best meet researcher needs.
data analysts must be able to independently translate requests into actionable results through interactions with research databases, formulation of displays of results, and development of complex code to be applied to a variety of quantitative data.
a data analyst must develop an understanding of different research needs and analytic functions across multiple projects to best meet researcher needs.
the data analyst must be able to independently translate requests into actionable results through interactions with research databases, formulation of displays of results, and development of complex code to be applied to a variety of quantitative data.
the position calls for dexterity working with complex databases and the ability to assess, transform, and utilize quantitative data using multiple coding languages such as python and r. the individual must then quality control results to ensure that other team members have exactly what they need to incorporate the data and results into their own components of the analytic process, presentations, and papers.
additionally, this position will work alongside other data analysts on complementary projects and will require knowledge and skill sharing and collective problem solving.
overall, the data analyst will be a critical member of an agile, dynamic research team.
this position is contingent on project funding availability.
research command.
become familiar with substantive areas of expertise to understand the dimensions and uses of cancer registry, vital registration, and verbal autopsy data and the analytic underpinnings of different research streams.
create and document efficient, effective, and replicable methods for extracting data, developing code, organizing data sources, managing data quality, and explaining complex analytic processes.
data management and analytics.
maintain, update, and carry out routine but complex computational processes and statistical modeling that are central to generating estimates of key indicators.
demonstrated success in developing code in r and, or python, stata is a plus.
interest in global health, population health, and, or ways in which quantitative research and data science can be used to create valuable global public goods.
experience with testing tools.
sql skills and, or hands on experience with business intelligence reporting tool is a plus.
5 + years of bi experience in finance, business management and, or sales operations in mid-to-large scale global organization.
3+ years experience with excel and tableau dashboarding.
amazon web services, aws, is the world’s leading cloud services provider, providing virtualized infrastructure, storage, networking, messaging, and many other services to customers all over the world.
aws runs a globally distributed environment, operating at massive levels of scale.
businesses, educational institutions, and governments depend on aws for secure cloud services and solutions.
for more information on aws, please visit http, aws.
as the business intelligence, bi, analyst on the it services, its, asset management team, you will be responsible for the process of turning data into actionable information.
the bi analyst will be a major contributor on the its team with the mission to get business insights into the hands of our business leaders so that they can make data-driven decisions to guide the business.
develop metrics in data warehouse for consumption in dashboards.
develop dashboards in bi tools, quicksight, tableau, or other.
work closely with our its bi teams to make sure we are aligned to company standards and methodologies in all things data reporting.
be a subject matter expert on bi best practices including understanding the relevant aws and 3rd-party tools that are available.
experience with tableau in creating and a business intelligence interface.
knowledge of aws services and cloud computing.
pulls data from multiple sources and produces reports related to quality, safety, throughput, access, and value on both a recurring and ad hoc basis, to meet needs of a diverse set of customers; uses statistical and, or data management software packages to clean and analyze data, create new metrics, and use that information to tell a meaningful story; leads discussions with multidisciplinary teams to clarify needs and identify expectations including deadlines; ensures that the uses of data through reports and queries are accurate; serves as an organizational consultant on matters relating to databases by providing expertise to assist users in meeting their needs.
combine data into well-arranged and formatted reports which are easy for users to understand and which focus attention on key information while providing necessary explanations; assists in the planning and design of reporting projects; creates, manages and maintains database records; provide expertise in the development, design, and maintenance for analytic business needs; promote report automation and self-service dashboard solutions using ehc software; develop written procedures to document data management processes; summarize findings in written reports and presentations, conference posters, ; ensure best data governance practices are maintained; and management of one or more data reporting processes.
bachelors degree in engineering, mathematics, statistics, economics, information systems, informatics, public health, business administration, data science, informatics, analytics, or related field.
proficiency in coding, e. g r, vba, python,
sql.
experience with common business intelligence and data visualization tools; advanced knowledge of excel.
demonstrated experience with data visualization techniques; strong mathematical background with advanced knowledge of at least one of the following areas: statistical modeling, regression techniques, data mining, econometrics.
preferred qualifications: experience and strong interest in healthcare data; experience using r for statistical analyses; experience using microstrategy and, or visual insight; experience creating statistical process control charts; experience with manipulating large datasets; and relevant training or certifications.
environmental exposures include, but are not limited to: blood-borne pathogen exposure bio-hazardous waste chemicals, gases, fumes, vapors communicable diseases electrical shock, floor surfaces, hot, cold temperatures, indoor, outdoor conditions, latex, lighting, patient care, handling injuries, radiation, shift work, travel may be required.
use tact and diplomacy to set the right expectations with clients throughout the data conversion process, including both verbal and written communication.
analytical skills backed by high proficiency in dealing with data – including microsoft excel, access, sql and other formats.
strong organizational skills, comfortable with multi-tasking, and project management ability.
demonstrated strength in verbal and written communication.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
i. t. excel offers excellent compensation packages in line with the very best in the industry and extensive benefits package including but not limited to overtime work-hour salary, medical insurance, relocation assistance, etc.
i. t. excel is one of the fastest growing software solutions and it consulting companies in the usa with its headquarters in reston, virginia and a branch in woburn, massachusetts.
i. t. excel is an information technology provider delivering superior quality software development, consulting and staffing solutions to our client partners.
responsible for providing data-driven insight and practical, proactive optimization recommendations across the primacy client base.
usage of dashboard and data visualization tools such as google data studio, domo, tableau and others for internal and client use.
leveraging syndicated research tools such as nielsen scarborough to build audience profiles and personas to help inform the creative, media, ux and account services teams.
ability to create custom javascript tags as may be required for advanced triggering in google tag managerg.
3-5 years of digital marketing analytics experience, analysis, modeling, regression, factor, cluster segmentation techniques, etc, required.
experience using database analysis tools such as sas, spss, sql required.
python and r programming language knowledge a plus.
has worked in data visualization platforms, i. e. domo, google data studio, tableau, etc.
excellent written, oral communication and presentation skills required.
data warehouse development experience a plus.
need mathematical background – statistics.
excel, powerpoint, sharepoint.
other project related support as needed.
associate’s, bachelor’s degree preferred with a minimum of 3 years, 2-4 years, of experience in a research or vendor setting.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
we embrace research and science - bringing innovative ideas, products and services to advance the health and well-being of people.
janssen research and development, l. l. c, a division of johnson and johnsons family of companies is recruiting an intern, data science, in janssen biotherapeutics, jbio, located in spring house, pa.
janssen’s biotherapuetics, jbio, is a member of the larger discovery, product development and supply, dpds, organization within janssen research and development.
as the therapeutic biologics organization within janssen research and development, we are leaders in developing biologic solutions for the treatment of challenging and complex diseases, and we aspire to translate scientific discoveries into transformational medicines that will make significant contributions to human health.
work with colleagues in the jbio data sciences organization and partner with key businesses across janssen to help in applying advanced analytics to answer research questions related to key focus areas.
be a member of a project team including data scientists and subject matter experts from the therapeutic areas and use their feedback to create and iterate on data science solutions.
possess a strong understanding of statistics, data science, computer science, software engineering, computational biology, biomedical informatics, or related field as demonstrated by current or prior coursework.
possess strong technical communication and presentation skills.
display proficiency in one or more of the following: r, rshiny, python, sql, c, c, java, perl.
hold experience with data wrangling, transformations, visualization, analysis, and predictive modeling.
have experience building population statistics to compare to the prevalence of elements in the analysis dataset is preferred.
prior independent or classroom research experience on a data focused project is preferred.
machine learning experience is a plus.
experience with web development, html, javascript, css, php, etc, is a plus.
janssen research and development, llc, 6084.
analyze data documents, email, sql databases, excel, etc. - relating to the business processes at issue.
create documentation to confirm requirements with business users as well as communicate those requirements to developers: word, text editors, excel, visio.
coordinate acceptance testing by users.
comfortable working on an agile team, rapid development, evolving requirements, continual improvement.
effective communication with business and technical stakeholders.
strong data analysis skills.
familiarity with sql to perform select queries with joins.
strong excel skills, including vlookup function and pivot tables.
· co-ordinate with various stake holders, business, technical, for data analysis, follow up and clarifications.
· demonstrate ability to perform data analysis that support privacy initiatives.
· proficiency with data analysis tools.
perform data modeling, data analysis, and development of key performance indicators.
work with end users of information to research reported data anomalies, identify root causes, and determine remediation steps.
high proficiency with excel including pivoting capabilities and analysis modules.
working knowledge of basic statistics and strong grasp of both technical and business perspectives.
excellent problem solving and analytical skills and uncanny desire to solve and identify problems.
bachelors degree in math, economics, marketing or relevant technical field preferred
managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security and metadata.
assessing, testing and implementing new and, or upgraded software and assisting with strategic decisions on new systems and, or system updates.
preferred: classroom training, coursework in microsoft power bi or other dashboard software.
experience and demonstrates proficiency in microsoft power bi, tableau or other dashboard software.
proficient with microsoft excel.
experience with sql or other database query language.
bithgroup technologies is seeking a highly motivated and analytical excel data analyst to join our team.
the excel data analyst will be responsible for.
minimum of three to five years of advanced microsoft excel work experience combining and analyzing data from various sources, and generating reports and graphics.
excellent written and verbal communication.
advance to expert skill level in excel.
demonstrated ability to use excel to combine and analyze data from various sources and generate reports and graphics.
power bi a plus.
- enable bi and advanced analytics solutions utilizing the ms stack, i. e, ssms 2012, ssis, ssrs, ssas, mds, visual studio, and excel.
- develop olap solutions by creating cubes using data from data marts, data warehouse for deeper and faster data analysis.
- enforce data quality, integrity, and reliability.
- create solutions throughout data warehouse by designing, maintaining, and promoting proper data governance and database efficiency.
- document and govern the life cycle of data, including source-to-target mappings, data dictionaries, transformations, and data quality and business rules.
bi:
· develop complete and thorough data quality check and assurance processes for data ingestion and submission for quality, hedis, and risk, raf, related initiatives.
· design a process and lead system acceptance testing efforts for system changes and implementations ensuring that the data submissions are accurate and rejection rates are minimized.
· good understanding of sql server based queries and analytics preferred.
· analytical and reporting skills including presenting aggregated information in microsoft excel derived from various data sources. · problem solving skills with the ability to identify and clearly write a problem definition, develop alternatives and weigh them against understood values and trade-offs, and implement a problem resolution.
locus biosciences is seeking a highly motivated and entrepreneurial applicant to join our research and development team as a full-time data analyst.
the ideal candidate will be able to drive the automation of data acquisition from lab instruments, maintain a data warehouse, and derive meaningful insights from large datasets.
analytics– work with key stakeholders to identify scientific questions of interest; execution and presentation of targeted analyses; exploratory analyses focused on increasing operationalization and efficiency of core research and discovery processes.
at least 6 months experience, in addition to coursework, working in a research laboratory setting.
proficiency in at least one programming language, python, r, julia, java, c, c, etc.
at least two years’ experience between academic or industry research.
experience with bash, python, and, or r. experience with sql and remote database system management.
job location: research triangle park, north carolina.
d, or recently graduated individuals, within 1 year with similar degrees, who have a background in computer science, computer engineering, data science or related fields with additional experience or exposure to machine learning, statistics, and data visualization.
exposure or course work related to topological data analysis, tda, is preferred, but not required.
interns will work closely with air force research laboratory government mentors, industry partners, and academic collaborators to formulate innovative solutions to challenging, big-data problems.
this location, called project 444, is an open air workspace where selected interns will work daily in multidisciplinary teams, while having easy access to the growing downtown economic redevelopment area.
what : immersive 10-week course in topological data analysis with machine learning and visualization integration.
where : wright brothers institute, project 444, 2nd street, downtown dayton, oh.
currently across almost all sectors of government, academia, and industry, we are witnessing wide-scale integration of machine learning and artificial intelligent approaches that intend to dramatically impact data-to-decision speeds.
in the air force research laboratory, 711th human performance wing airman systems directorate, we are developing advanced methods utilizing the mathematical underpinnings of topological data analysis, tda, to autonomously architect and exploit solutions to challenging big-data problems.
this xai approach gives the prediction and classification accuracies seen in the best performing black-box machine learning approaches, while retaining a fully explainable architecture that can be continuously mined for non-hypothesized understanding, uncover and prioritize hidden correlations in the data, increase trust in derived solutions, provide a framework for data visualization, and ensure that the underlying machine learning solution is obeying commanders intent.
the goals include, 1, developing end-to-end tda xai methodologies for the most challenging data sets where sponsors require the precision of machine learning and explainability of the solution space, 2, develop bio-inspired strategies for rationally architecting and connecting millions of ensemble topological models into an integrated ai framework, 3, rapidly instantiate, test, validate, and deliver an advanced technology demonstration highlighting xai and tda integration coupled with dynamic visualization and immersive environments, and, 4, strategically identify, develop, and recruit the future workforce who have competency in this rapidly emerging area.
business intelligence analyst with the functional equivalent of bachelor’s degree in computer science, computer information systems, information technology, relevant engineering, computer engineering, software engineering, electronics and tele-communication engineering, or related, or a combination of education and experience equating to the u. s. equivalent of a bachelor’s degree in one of the aforementioned subjects.
designing and developing a database, datawarehouse with sql server using concepts of normalization and work on low-level design implementation workflow and high-level design implementation workflow.
software development comprises of various technologies like sql server, tsql, ssis, ssrs, power bi.
using concepts of snowflake schema, star schema and designing etl processes using ssis for reporting in sql server.
develop, test, and deploy etls, sql stored procedures and mdx
, dax queries to solve complex data analysis problems based on requirements from different team.
working on tsql optimization creating stored procedures and user defined functions for the data analysis and data visualization.
apply concepts of validation and data cleansing in sql server to migrate the data effectively from source to reporting layer destination.
performing software development activities related to software design and development, analysis, estimations, code reviews and peer reviews.
working on database optimization using performance optimization techniques, analyzing execution plans thus improving response time.
suggest improvements in technology, identify software development approaches to facilitate reuse of code, research and develop solutions to build new capabilities in the project.
work in a team environment and using the agile methodology for software development, being highly proactive and collaborative throughout the development life cycle.
experience with sql 2008 r2, 2012 and component services like ssis etl, ssas, ssrs.
experience in the design and development of business intelligence solutions using microsoft sql server, ssis, ssas and ssrs.
experience in t-sql, mdx, dax and etl platforms.
experience with power bi reporting, create dashboards with power bi.
configuring sql server monitoring utilities to minimize false alarms.
assess and tune data base, sql performance.
content manage in addition, the candidate must demonstrate ability to write t-sql queries to fulfill ad-hoc requests and data integrity checking and have demonstrated ability to write t-sql stored procedures for code re-use.
sql server, ssrs, ssis, ssas, mdx, dax, power bi, tsql, vss, hp quality center.
bi analyst role.
strong bi skills, source data to visualization.
strong understanding of sql, pl, sql preferred.
experience with business intelligence software, tableau.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics or related field.
3+ years of professional experience in a business analytics, intelligence role utilizing enterprise databases with large-scale, complex data sets performing data mining and deep dive analysis.
strong statistics and analytical skills with demonstrated proficiency in sql and data visualization tools such as tableau and, or ms excel.
knowledge of data warehousing concepts and structures - ability to understand and handle data quality issues and respond to detailed queries.
the team is seeking a seasoned analyst who has demonstrated ability to utilize metrics, statistical analysis and visualization tools to dive deep into complex issues while deriving actionable results from operational and enterprise data.
this includes working with business operations, technology support, automation deployment and software development teams to design and document business processes, dashboards, alerts, and reports.
this individual will provide critical insight and deep dive analytics into areas such as operational process improvement, supply chain logistics, resource optimization, and capacity planning to deliver on strategic business requirements.
deep dive into large data sets to answer key business questions using sql, excel, and other data manipulation languages.
proficiency in statistical analytics tools: r, minitab, or similar.
strong communication and interpersonal skills to convey key insights from complex analysis and ability to effectively communicate with both technical and non-technical teams.
understanding of amazon data structures and architecture.
experience in developing with tableau or similar data visualization platform.
title: data management and reporting internship.
project descriptions.
the data management and reporting intern will work with the coalition’s operations manager and development coordinator to create statistical tabulations and analyses that detail and promote the organization’s achievements.
become familiar with the coalition’s data collection, analysis, and reporting process, including relevant stakeholders.
medium to high proficiency in microsoft excel.
utilizes microsoft sql server, excel, powerpoint, and microstrategy to execute, compile existing suite of client and operational analysis materials according to quality guidelines, parameters.
utilizes microsoft sql server, excel, powerpoint, and microstrategy to execute, compile existing suite of stewardship materials according to quality guidelines, parameters.
proficient with microsoft suite, word, excel, powerpoint, with intermediate microsoft excel knowledge.
experience using data warehouse or analytical tools for business purposes.
demonstrates intermediate skills and ability to read, write sql.
experience writing microsoft sql code a plus.
1+ year experience in healthcare analytics, reporting and, or data management desired.
proficient with microsoft suite, word, excel, powerpoint, with intermediate microsoft excel knowledge.
experience writing microsoft sql code.
may assist with project initiation or planning for projects of low to moderate complexity.
great communication skills, presentation skills.
ms office: word, excel, powerpoint, visio.
great communication skills.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
create and deploy aligned reporting and subsequent analysis that identifies opportunities to refine and improve data collection.
2-4 years experience in data collection and analytics preferred.
assist with development and launch of new bi solutions such as: data pipeline creation, management, visualization development, dashboard design, testing, qa.
educate client services teams on bi solution best practices.
bi technical, consulting support teams.
1-3 years of bi platform development experience with domo, power bi, tableau, or other data manipulation, transformation and data visualization and dashboard design.
familiarity with querying, building sql databases.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
potential assignments include statistical analysis, modeling of technical research, market research, and technology assessment results.
ideal candidates will have a strong statistical foundation and a technical undergraduate degree, excellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to work in a team environment.
experience in database management and design, including basic working knowledge of relevant analytics tools, microsoft excel, r, python, sql, sas, etc, along with the development of analysis tools, is a plus.
founded in 2001, qlarion is a dynamic and rapidly growing consulting firm focused on providing analytics and data management solutions to public sector and related organizations.
· 4+ years of experience in data analysis and problem solving, data prep and quality, and data integration
· strong excel skills, including using functions, formulas to manipulate data such as v-lookup, pivot tables, error-checking, developing properly formatted reports, and using excel in budget, cost analysis, or forecasts a must.
· experience with bi tools, eg.
· experience with bi and data visualization a plus.
· strong oral and written communication skills.
your work will include synthesizing data in sql and bigquery and delivering accurate sample reports in a timely manner.
we are looking for a highly motivated self-starter with excellent communication, time management, and problem-solving skills.
deliver custom sample projects in sql, bigquery, excel, powerpoint or other software for use in proving definitive’s data can fit a prospective client use case.
1-2 years of relevant sql experience developing sql queries, views, and stored procedures against medical claims datasets.
strong written communication and presentation skills.
business development manager.
research analyst.
assists with the preparation of testing plans to assure reliability of products in conjunction with product design and specifications.
proficient in ms excel.
assists with the preparation of testing plans to assure reliability of products in conjunction with product design and specifications.
proficient in ms excel.
assists with the preparation of testing plans to assure reliability of products in conjunction with product design and specifications.
proficient in ms excel.
assists with the preparation of testing plans to assure reliability of products in conjunction with product design and specifications.
proficient in ms excel.
the ideal candidate will have a passion for solving complex problems with data science, a strong ability to synthesize valuable insights from raw data, and the communication skills to effectively disseminate information across the team and organization.
the role will help guide strategic priorities by collecting and analyzing data from various available sources, building dashboards and reporting across all marketing channels, measuring campaign effectiveness, support our experimentation and a, b testing framework, and conducting research with our editorial team and respective products.
build tooling to aggregate data from disparate analytics and bi sources.
synthesize insights, present optimization recommendations, and use regular reporting to identify trends and opportunities for operational improvement, content strategy.
provide ad-hoc support of various growth initiatives including qualitative research, survey design, web, product development, and more.
1-2 years of experience in a bi, data science or analyst role in media or tech.
knowledge of statistics, specifically experimental design and study.
experience with data analysis tools, workflows, and dashboards such as those provided by aws.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills with an emphasis on taking a data-focus approach.
working knowledge of google drive, and microsoft office, especially excel, slack, box and basecamp is a plus.
proficiency in using python and, or r to perform data analysis.
strong numpy, pandas skills a plus.
strong grasp of sql database usage.
experience with building dashboards using tools like google data studio, amazon quicksight or tableau.
role: data analyst with sql.
this is sql heavy, so i will need someone with several years’ experience.
this person only needs to be very strong in sql.
data analysts in oema work alongside phd economists conducting empirical research on topics in labor and public economic fields using administrative data from government, non-profit and private sources.
these include, for example, data from the army, department of defense, veterans affairs, social security administration, credit bureaus, and the national student clearinghouse.
successful analysts are those who have demonstrated the ability to work with large datasets, have an appreciation for and experience with genuine empirical research, and have an interest in pursuing economics or policy research at the graduate level in the future.
proficient in sql, ms office, especially excel, and tableau, or a similar visualization platform.
knowledge of basic statistics, data analysis and visualization.
excellent listening, communication, interpersonal and presentation skills.
knowledge of one or more programming languages like python, r, java, scala.
· communication – effectively communicate and maintain relationships with team participants and business partners within a project and across the organization and business stakeholders.
· problem solving and judgment - identify data analysis issues, problems that have impact beyond project.
proactively seeks to assist others within the project team, within the department.
· methodology - possess an advanced understanding of the project lifecycle that enables the execution and leadership of ba responsibilities without assistance; proactively contributes to creation and continuous improvement of methodology.
· relationship management - proactively seeks, develops and maintains a working relationship with the project group, customer, across it and the enterprise; understands and delivers on the customers agreed-upon expectations.
5 + years’ experience with systems analysis, data analysis and requirements gathering is required.
solid understanding of data modeling design, data quality principles, source file data extraction, complex data transformation and load processes.
must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills, and the ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of peers, managers, executives, and subject matter experts.
knowledge of all phases of software development including requirements analysis, design, coding, testing, debugging, implementation and support is required.
microsoft sql server.
hadoop.
azure.
sql: 3 years, preferred.
the ideal candidate will have experience with sql, bi and analytical tools.
functional understanding of data engineering, data analytics and data management.
sql.
experience working in an agile environment.
experience using bi and analytics tools.
experience with data analysis and storytelling, data driven decision making, etc.
collaborate in the design, creation and implementation of data warehousing architecture.
define and create data stores and data marts that establish and support a workers’ compensation data warehouse.
assist with the creation, management and performance monitoring of the data warehouse projects.
identify source data to populate and validate data stores within the data warehouse.
identify and collaborate to resolve any performance issues with the data warehouse.
perform end user training on proper and effective use of developed and established bi applications.
knowledge of data architecture, data modeling, data warehousing and olap techniques.
strong understanding of relational database structures, theories, principles, practices and sql.
ability to create visual dashboards and drill down reports utilizing tableau.
working knowledge of database platforms, including oracle and microsoft sql server.
strong knowledge of both sql and pl, sql.
full project management and development life cycle experience.
strong interpersonal, organizational, verbal and written communication, technical design and technical writing skills required.
intermediate knowledge of microsoft word, excel and outlook and the ability to learn custom software programs.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, mathematics, statistics, or related field preferred.
3 years progressive data warehousing design or architecture experience preferred.
software development experience a plus.
the ediscovery analyst is responsible for ingesting esi into the servient application, performing exports and productions and assisting the project management team with the successful delivery of services to our clients.
assists with application testing.
proficiency with data management services, loading data into database applications, conducting database search queries, developing reports for legal teams, and providing options with unique data.
strong analytical and problem solving skills and demonstrate ability to work independently and in a team environment, follow detailed instructions, and meet established deadlines.
strong communication skills, both verbal and written, service-oriented and a can-do attitude.
we are a software product company that is built around machine learning and heavily focused on modern technologies namely hadoop, hbase, solr and storm.
we always stay on the cutting edge of technology using agile development methodologies.
as needed for specific assignment, calculates basic statistics and validate them, mean, median, percentiles, control limits and standard deviations, t-tests, using excel or other tools.
participates in system planning, implementation and testing.
- project management experience.
- excellent oral and written communication skills to ensure high quality of communication, documentation and ability to communicate with physicians, health care administration and other healthcare agencies.
identify, collect, and transform data from disparate sources using sql, r, python, or other statistical tools.
experience with large datasets, statistical analyses, data visualization.
strong sql skills, proficiency with business intelligence tools, e. g, looker, tableau.
strong communication skills.
understanding of user segmentation, cohort analyses, regression models, funnel optimization.
creating tableau dashboard reports, working with data backend developers, creating business intelligence reports and visualizations.
preforming system administration works on tableau system.
conduct training sessions to improve team members tableau development skills, develop and update technical documentation.
7 + years of experiences in bi dashboard development in which at least 3+ years are tableau related.
expert in dashboard build, report design and development using tableau.
strong admin experience with tableau including user management, reports, dashboard automation.
strong skills in using pl, sql to build data pipelines to feed reports.
great document and communication skills to host training.
certified tableau developer, admin is a plus
you will also conduct complex data analysis in order to build a story that will be used to inform strategic decisions by stakeholders from across the company.
· basic proficiency in tableau and sql.
· strong analytical skills and experience with reporting and data analysis.
research.
we catalyze and facilitate clinical research that supports the functional medicine model.
every single day, you get to impact the quality of high patient care by helping our team stay informed about emerging research trends as well as supporting literacy efforts throughout the organization.
data analysis: 3 years, required.
you will be responsible for supporting machine learning, sales forecast development, store optimization, and media analytics across all our brands.
you will also assist with other essential data science work such as data management, documenting and improving data processing policies.
you are currently in your junior or senior year studying toward a bachelors degree in data science, computer science, statistics, math, economics, business or engineering.
you’re also familiar with sql, r, python.
analysts help data engineers and scientists in understanding systems interfaces, the context and quality of data being used as part of a project.
data analysts should have a broad understanding and have experience with real-time analytics and business intelligent platforms such as tableau software.
he or she should be able to work with sql databases, several programming languages, and statistical software packages such as r, java, python, etc.
a basic knowledge of working with distributed computing is required.
candidates need to be able to perform data mining, including data auditing, aggregation, validation and reconciliation, testing and creating and explaining results in clear and concise reports.
well organized with excellent verbal and written communication skills.
craft high quality of user stories to optimize the backlog and efficiency of the data engineering team, handle and plan sprints, and sprint demo materials etc.
responsible for clear product, project communication to all partners regarding scope, timelines, issues, revisions etc.
experience in agile product management lifecycle and agile project management tool, s. experience working as a business analyst, in a technology team.
knowledge in data engineering, predictive analytics or data science.
experience or knowledge of data management technologies like databricks, teradata, or oracle is a plus.
experience or knowledge of data visualization technologies a plus.
translation of functional business requirements into operable solutions within the overall data architecture to provide the customer with a deep understanding of the data and how can use it to make informed decisions is a key task.
create and maintain issue logs, meeting minutes, meeting schedules, project summaries and updates.
bs degree in computer science, information management, math, statistics, or equivalent.
data analysis – must have proficiency with sql, microsoft excel.
strong communication and documentation skills.
poses technical skills relevant for sql, data modeling, schema design, data warehousing and business intelligence reporting tools, tableau.
experience with sql database tuning for optimal query performance with large data sets.
experience with python or similar programming, scripting languages.
impaq international, a growing and dynamic social science research firm, provides high-quality research and impact evaluation services, policy analysis, survey research, technology solutions, organizational development, technical assistance and consulting services to u. s. and international government agencies, foundations, and the private sector.
impaq is seeking a full-time data analyst who will support the senior research team in conducting research and evaluation projects primarily in the area of health, government health care programs, such as medicare, medicaid.
apply quantitative methods and techniques to manage and analyze research data.
construct, clean, and document large datasets for both internal and project-related use.
create customized and presentation-quality reports from data analysis results.
participate in the design of research studies.
write, compile, and edit assigned portions of proposals and project reports.
bachelors or masters degree in economics, mathematics, statistics or related quantitative field.
-3 years quantitative research experience in economics, health, education, public policy, or related fields.
must have experience in data analysis using sas, sql, excel, and, or other statistical and data analytics software.
knowledge of data analysis and data management techniques.
quantitative and qualitative research skills.
good oral and written communication skills.
we are seeking a crm, data integration analyst in the life sciences industry to administer, support, and configure various crm platforms that integrate seamlessly into our client’s master data management and data warehouse solutions.
strong data analysis skills in your tool of choice
: our primary tools are sql server, qlikview, tableau, and microsoft access.
strong sql skills are required.
t-sql or pl-sql experience preferred.
strong written communication skills.
leading ongoing reviews of business processes and developing optimization strategies.
performing user acceptance testing.
competency in microsoft applications including word, excel, and outlook.
the individual must have strong communication skills, verbal and written, to work with and influence internal business partners as well as training analysts within various business functions to use cognos as a reporting tool.
advanced knowledge in microsoft office, excel, powerpoint, access would be a plus.
understanding of sql is required.
business development.
proficient with microsoft excel, pivot tables, vlookup, sumifs, etc.
excellent organization, communication, and time management skills.
experience with scripting, sql, python, r, matlab.
implement and test tracking prior to project delivery, including tracking tag generation from website analytics systems, ga 360, adobe analytics, and, or ad serving systems, dv 360, conversant, sizmek.
serving as the subject matter expert for reporting, visualization platforms from both data aggregation and data visualization standpoints.
hands-on experience with google data studio, power bi, tableau, datorama, supermetrics, etc.
python, r, sql.
proficient in excel, google sheets, including custom scripting.
strong communication skills, written and verbal.
produce and maintain sql programming objects, such as stored procedures, user-defined functions, common table expressions, scheduled sql agent jobs, and clustered, non-clustered, covering indexes.
understand data models, data entities, and write effective sql to aid analysis, development, and support activities.
conduct research and proactively make recommendations to improve data management.
test the accuracy of the data warehouse load and reports.
2+ years of experience as an it analyst, developer using sql.
2+ years of experience with microsoft sql server, including sql agent jobs, ssis packages, and ssms.
2+ years of experience with sql programming objects, including stored procedures, user-defined functions, common table expressions, etc.
ability to write sql queries for research, analysis, and to investigate issues.
agile, scrum experience is a plus.
bi and, or data warehouse experience is a plus.
database tuning and optimization experience is a plus.
conduct exploratory data analysis across disparate data sources, website usage, dealer behavior patterns and customer insights, to understand the performance of existing products and identify opportunities for new product offerings.
communicate and present data analysis, visualizations, and insights to key stakeholders.
4+ years of experience in data analysis, experience in consumer internet, digital marketing or saas product data a plus.
fluency in sql and python, r, or other scripting language.
strong grasp of statistical concepts, confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, regression models.
knowledge of bi and reporting tools, or demonstrated ability in learning new tool.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
strong experience with sql.
both rdbms and hadoop.
data analysis.
design or review of test cases, process change requests, and manage project scope, acceptance, installation and deployment.
performs and executes requirements organization, management and communication, and analysis.
this role works closely with program management, new business development and operations assisting with business processes to execute sales initiatives and pricing actions.
using the data and research, work with marketing to develop promotional materials and campaigns, markets to target and identifying the best way to set the company apart from its competitors.
create annual price increase recommendations for budgeting.
prepare reports and presentations for executives and other company leaders to include data on market performance, competitor research and general sales trends.
highly proficient in use of software, such as ms office, smartsheet, power bi, sharepoint and erp systems.
o. highly proficient in excel, sql based software, pivot tables.
proficient knowledge of database management.
ability to effectively project and forecast.
strong written and verbal communication skills to work with departments and personnel across teams and business lines.
good organizational, planning skills, and project management.
supporting efforts to develop processes for data quality assurance and reporting.
manipulating and analyzing data using sql, sas, or python.
writing ms excel formulas for a variety of scenarios and generating pivot tables.
advanced level experience in the ms excel skills listed above is required.
ability to obtain a us government security clearance is required.
working knowledge of databases and programming languages such as sql, sas, r, or python.
bachelors degree required, preferably in math, finance, statistics, or a related field.
they will work closely with product managers to understand what success will look like for this product and work with market research to decide if the product adds value to the user.
sql: 2 years, preferred.
create technically sound methodologies, queries to procure the data from the data warehouse and other available sources.
identify, research, validate and test applicable data sources for validity and usefulness for report and file creation.
adheres to marketing procedures and privacy policies as it relates to member information.
advanced excel skills, pivots, tables, and functions, ; familiarity with sql, basic knowledge of common statistical analysis concepts.
applicant may be required to complete one or more employment assessments and, or testing.
further, the business analyst provides documentation and testing on projects with minimal supervision.
formulate and develop reports, excel, sql, that expedite requirement analysis or testing of large and complex projects.
mitigate project risk by formulating testing strategies and assist users and developers in testing of key deliverables.
collect, analyze, and evaluate data to track project performance and important developments.
proficiency in microsoft excel.
track record of effective verbal and written communication of complex concepts to colleagues with varying degrees of analytical knowledge and understanding.
desire to improve and expand analytical and data visualization skills.
sql, python, and, or tableau skills are preferred.
additionally, the data analyst intern will also have the opportunity to work closely with the product and engineering teams to maintain and improve docent’s business intelligence, bi, capabilities.
acquires, sanitizes, merges, and transforms complex multi-sourced data in support of various analyses and project.
serves as an in-house resource on ways to acquire data from primary or secondary data sources, and develop data collection tools to meet the ongoing and evolving needs of data reporting.
competency with tableau desktop and tableau prep.
familiarity with tableau server administration is a plus.
competency with sql.
competency with microsoft excel, including vba, pivottables, and advanced formulas.
industry relevant experience in analytics, data management, healthcare, consulting or other relevant fields a plus.
reports to: sr. project manager
gathering requirements, translating requirements into a specification document, creating testing.
scenarios and testing to aid in the development of standard operating procedures.
analyst will also support key team members and stakeholders throughout the project life cycle.
assist the sr. project manager with various projects to include project requirements, project.
plans, and individual project deliverables.
develop and implement test plans, scenarios to ensure successful delivery of a project.
lend support to various business and technology teams as necessary during project delivery.
supervise the creation of departmental project sop’s.
effective management of multiple priorities as assigned by the sr. project manager, and within.
ability to create test plans and execute against the plans with project team members.
testing sessions and provide support to the team through the uat stage.
compile testing.
results to be shared with project stakeholders.
basic knowledge of sql for writing queries to verify data desired; must also be proficient in.
knowledge of html a plus.
sql and sql server reporting services, ssrs, experience preferred.
software development testing experience.
project management experience.
provides data collection, data management, data analysis and reporting, and decision management tool design and development.
provide basic programming and technical skills to support data management and reporting requirements.
interprets, analyzes and provides recommendations regarding data accuracy and data collection needs and processes.
continuously assesses and improves data collection and reporting processes.
participates and supports staff training related to data collection and reporting.
database management.
requires strong expertise in ms excel and relational database such as ms access and other database management, ms sql, and reporting tools.
ability to use reporting software such as actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas, or other.
ability to query the companys data warehouse and, or department systems in response to data requests.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
every employee must understand, comply and attest to the security responsibilities and security controls unique to their position.
you will work directly with the vp of data quality to identify and implement opportunities to limit the number of marketing scrub ids, analyze traits and define logic for application of scrubs.
the ideal candidate will have strong experience in sql, data reporting and a collaborative, communicative mindset.
5+ years’ experience with data analysis using sql.
strong ability to write complex sql queries.
experience working in a teradata environment.
heavy documentation skills; will be working with ba to document requirements, create testing scripts, and execute testing and validation routines.
strong communication skills, analytical mindset and ability to collaborate with a team.
sql
data analysis: 5 years, preferred,
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, business objects etc, databases, sql etc, programming, xml, javascript, or etl frameworks.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets, excel, spss, sas etc.
additionally, the candidate must have strong interpersonal and communication skills to work closely with the extended team and project members.
advanced ms access db and ms excel skills.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
perform analysis of business issues, provide recommendations for possible solutions and work with business users and project teams to define requirements.
coordinate functional and user acceptance testing by defining the testing strategy, scheduling resources.
first orion protects and enhances the call experience for millions of consumers, provides solutions to some of the largest mobile service providers in the world, and features leading brands in the communication industry, including privacystar, with headquarters in little rock, arkansas and offices in bellevue, wa, london, england, and dubai, uae.
this individual will work as part of the call transparency team to verify and, or correct data in the call transparency registry and first orion database by placing outbound phone calls and research.
research and verify data through phone-based contact and web-based searches, as well as first orion internal tools.
work to ensure data quality across all internal and customer facing systems.
microsoft office proficient: excel, word, outlook.
detail-oriented with excellent communication and problem-solving skills.
conducts research on identified key business issues.
provides oversight and direction to analysts and assigned components of project work.
uses sas, sql, toad, or any other relational database software to develop code that processes the data using the analytical methedoloies derived which create extracts of data for analysis and interpretation.
prepares interpretations of our analyses for project teams, clients, and, or department management.
prepares reports derived from our analytical results, highlighting implications of findings with powerful data visualizations of graphs, charts, and metrics on dashboards or reports using tools like qlik, cognos, tableau or power bi. follows through on any further actions based on the results using sound business judgment.
assist in the development of project proposals, recommendations, implementation plans, communication packages, performance measurement tools, and training materials related to the assigned projects.
data stewardship - understanding and documenting the data needs of the organization, including consistent definitions for fields, measures, metrics, kpis and other items that are in the data warehouse, data marts and business intelligence tools.
requires strong expertise in ms excel and relational database such as ms access and other database management, ms sql, and reporting tools.
ability to use reporting software such as actuate, cognos, crystal reports, sas, or other.
ability to query the companys data warehouse and, or department systems in response to data requests.
every employee must understand, comply and attest to the security responsibilities and security controls unique to their position.
youll be responsible for analyzing, reviewing and forecasting data to impact the health care system.
you will need to use business intelligence, data visualization, queries, analytic and statistical software to build solutions, perform analysis and interpret data.
you will need to perform normalization operations and assure data quality.
management and manipulation of mostly structured data, with a focus on building business intelligence tools.
performing normalization operations and assuring data quality.
use business intelligence, data visualization, queries, analytic and statistical software to build solutions, perform analysis and interpret data.
experience with microsoft office, particularly advanced excel skills.
database, programming experience, sql, sas, python, r, tableau or similar.
hybrid pathways is looking for a business analyst to work closely with our clients information security program.
agile experience required.
project backlog development experience required.
ability to be flexible and adaptable in alignment with agile methodology.
project directions may change daily, weekly or quarterly.
global payment operations is hiring recon data analyst who will be responsible for data analysis and day to day operation of frontier recon application.
this position will be in austin, texas and will work with other business partners to support data analysis and recon application solutions.
the ideal candidate will be self-motivated, process-oriented, works effectively with cross functional teams, in addition to strong written and verbal communication skills.
designs optimal data architecture for data management and high performance.
strong analytical skills, results-oriented and effectiveness in problem solving.
coding in python, sql and sas.
exposure to tableau or microstrategy application.
view our privacy policy.
· effective communication approaches.
· familiarity with agile project management tools, rally, confluence.
· technical acumen – experience with data mining, data reporting, sql development, technical story writing.
· acting as a business analyst on a cross-functional software product team in an agile environment.
· relevant work experience in business intelligence, data analysis and data reporting.
· executing lean product design and agile development methods.
· driving requirements and story-writing across agile sprints.
participates in workflow testing during system upgrades.
develops and maintains customize reports using sql ssrs.
ability to interact with clients and project team members, both internal and external, to understand requirements, develop methodology, deploy best practices, and execute deliverables.
understands sql scripting or related programming, with the ability to generate reports from the database.
first, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: clear communication, positive energy, efficient execution, and continuous learning.
expert-level excel user, vlookups, pivots, macros, etc, strong sql, looker experience a plus.
fantastic communication skills in order to operate across multiple departments and stakeholders.
global data privacy notice for job candidates and applicants.
depending on your location, the general data protection regulation, gdpr, and california consumer privacy act, ccpa, may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.
manage etl processes to ensure ssis packages and sql queries are working accordingly.
advanced excel skills are required such as vlookup and if statements.
perform transportation-related research.
model transportation data and perform data analysis.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the enterprise portfolio management office, epmo, is seeking an efficient, detail-oriented research analyst to join our growing organization.
the position will be tasked to work with information such as resource allocation and utilization data, project scheduling data, burn rates and other agile metrics, defect metrics, and other associated project, program, portfolio information.
data analysis, reporting, and presentation.
o performs standard data analysis, draws conclusions, and makes recommendations for risk mitigation.
o supports project financial reporting at the portfolio level and contributes to the analysis and escalation.
o understands project work breakdown structures and supports portfolio-level schedule management.
bs degree in business, finance, computer science, project management, or management information systems or directly related equivalent experience. 0
+ years relevant experience in roles requiring project, portfolio management, resource and risk analysis, financial project management and metrics reporting.
familiarity with project portfolio management tools, ca clarity ppm, hp ppm, planview ppm, etc.
beginner or higher proficiency with ms project, powerpoint, sharepoint, infopath.
intermediate or higher proficiency with ms excel.
strong verbal and written communication skills – able to communicate very detailed information at a summary level.
strong technical skills, with ability to build and maintain tools for process automation, data integrity, validation, reporting and executive presentations as well as ability to leverage tools for hands-on data analysis.
the data analyst, data consultant, data engineer will be interacting with the product owner of risk data mart and the enterprise data management team to organize current data in the banking and financial service industries.
the business has a lot of edw, enterprise data warehouse, ongoing enhancements.
sharpening data sql logic that happens before reporting.
sql prototyping that demonstrates the output the business wants to see.
this data analyst, data consultant, data engineer requires strong sql experience and thorough understanding.
communication skills: must communicate well with clients, team members, and ancillary resources.
attention to detail: the conclusions drawn from this data analysis will drive critical departmental initiatives.
software implementation activities including training, site preparation, and project management.
documents client discussions, gather requirements and engages technical team as it relates to the emerging data structure and reporting needs, in close partnership with the project leads.
previous experience utilizing cognos, db2, sql - structured query language.
sql knowledge is a necessary.
excellent organizational, oral presentation and written communication skills.
research and project management capabilities preferred.
unix, linux.
developing, maintaining, and managing advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards, and other bi solutions.
creating a computer system and data visualization systems.
performing and documenting data analysis, data validation, and data mapping, design.
a solid understanding of sql, rational databases, and normalization.
insight global is seeking a data analyst in reston, va supporting multiple federal agencies on a long term cyber security program.
the ideal candidate has 5+ years of data analysis experience, is familiar with commercial-off-the shelf, cots, products, and has used technologies such as tableau, microsoft power bi, sql, etc.
data analysis: 5 years, required.
works closely with agency departments to develop and oversee systems for data collection, analysis, and communication of program, departmental performance indicators.
project manages and leads a number of key projects for the quality improvement department and the organization.
works directly with the director of strategy management, program integrity, quality assurance manager, qa teams, and other appropriate iafc staff to understand project concepts, objectives and approach.
defines project scope and objectives and assesses the operational impacts, workflow, training, etc. of a project along with the director of strategy management.
creates and maintains project schedules by developing project plans and specifications, estimating time requirements, establishing deadlines, monitoring milestone completion, tracking all phases of the project product, service lifecycle, providing timely reporting of issues that impact project progress, coordinating actions, and resolving conflicts.
coordinates with strategy to ensure that project management is aligned with best practices and strategic goals.
identifies and coordinates communication and assignments among iafc staff to meet the project requirements.
this will include timely and accurate production of management information to assist with claims data analysis.
support claims performance measurement, management efforts including production of regular and ad-hoc management information for presentation or distribution to the team as required, leveraging excel, access and, or other reporting tools supported by beazley.
prepare, interpret and analyse claims and other statistics in response to ad-hoc requests for information.
strong communication skills, with the ability to tailor them appropriately for different audiences, technical backgrounds, and seniority.
expert knowledge of ms office, excel and access.
demonstrable proficiency with data visualisation tools, tableau, qlikview, power bi, spotfire, etc, or data visualisation libraries, d3.
problem solving.
the ideal business analyst also has strong writing and communication skills and can build relationships with both their team members and client stakeholders.
development and execution of independent verification and validation test scripts and plans, as well as production-based operational acceptance testing.
fluency in microsoft office suite, outlook, excel, word, powerpoint, visio, etc.
demonstrated leadership, analytical, organization, interpersonal, communication skills, and highly developed microsoft suite skills required.
ability to provide exceptional client service, research and resolve issues, and demonstrated commitment to continuous learning.
experience with data analysis, talend experience preferred.
hands on talend data management experience especially in profiling data.
hands on experience writing data quality rules with business.
testing and reconciliation of pre and post clean up.
legacy data analysis.
data quality rules identification.
developing and implementing data analyses, data collection systems, and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
the ideal candidate is data curious, detail oriented, great at communication, and loves solving problems.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design, data mining, and segmentation techniques.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets.
degree in a quantitative field, economics, statistics, sciences, engineering.
description of the most interesting data analysis you’ve done, key findings, and its impact.
0-2 years experience in a business analyst role, gathering requirements, testing and supporting business, technology applications and, or systems.
understanding of the agile and scrum process.
knowledge in agile tools such as confluence or jira.
knowledge and ability to write sql queries and scripts.
you will work alongside other functional consultants to perform detailed requirement analysis, documentation of processes, and support project management activities.
lead ongoing reviews of business and system processes and developing optimization strategies.
you should be a passionate business analyst with experience handling requirements and providing project team support.
someone interested in contributing to an interesting, large enterprise-level, complex project in new development.
minimum 1 year prior project experience in successfully supporting delivery managers and leads in a project coordinator role including assisting project and program managers in creating and maintaining project planning documents, i. e. project schedule, work plans, change controls, reports, etc.
minimum 1 year project experience in supporting an it systems development life cycle, sdlc, project process.
strong excel, powerpoint, microsoft project, visio and sharepoint skills along with excellent note taking, documentation and issue, action, decision tracking experience.
· demonstrated excellent written and oral communication skills.
· ability to work effectively with multiple project managers, delivery and team leads.
participate in improvement of master data management process.
support in conducting market research analysis.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
operate effectively in a high-pressure project environment, balance multiple and competing priorities deliver results in a compressed timeframe.
detail oriented with ability to move from details to executive level, summary, communication.
strong data analytical and work, project organization skills.
expertise with excel, vba, python.
data analysis skills: 5 years, required.
excel: 1 year, required.
basic project management skills and provide project progress update to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the company is committed to helping employees achieve financial security and improved quality of life.
present and explain information in an accessible way, e. g budgeting reports.
experience in data analysis and visualization methods.
proficient in sql, tableau.
knowledge of enterprise data warehouse, edw, and data management systems.
excellent analytical and communication skills.
bsc, ba in finance, health informatics, statistics, mathematics or a related field
python data analyst, numpy modbus iec61850,
**python deep learning data analytics numpy matpoltlib scikit learn keras sql industrial communication protocols mobus iec 61850
this position is for a midlevel python data analyst with a background in data analytics, data science and electrical power systems.
**python deep learning data analytics numpy matpoltlib scikit learn keras sql industrial communication protocols mobus iec 61850
4+ years of experience in developing python-based applications.
data analytics and deep learning experience in using: numpy, matplotlib, scikit learn, keras, etc.
experience with ms sql database -- write procedure and complex queries to access data from sql.
proficient with industrial communication protocols, modbus, iec 61850, dnp3, etc.
good verbal and written communication skills, including the use of ms office when producing requirements, specifications, reports, and test plans.
**python deep learning data analytics numpy matpoltlib scikit learn keras sql industrial communication protocols mobus iec 61850 dnp3.
experience code optimization techniques.
familiar with machine learning, ml.
experience using a wide variety of testing tools.
key words: python deep learning data analytics numpy matpoltlib scikit learn keras sql industrial communication protocols mobus iec 61850
to read our candidate privacy information statement, which explains how we will use your information, please visit: http, www.
com, candidate-privacy-information-statement.
python developer: 3 years, required.
the ideal candidate will provide expertise and thought leadership for strategic and tactical execution of data science projects, build or expand upon a broad array of data science models, nlp, regression, deep learning, bayesian inference, etc, and drive randd on new models to drive business outcomes.
design, develop, and evaluate innovate ml, dl models to drive value and strategic project outcomes.
assist in the planning and implementation of overall strategic research and data science capability.
implement new neural network algorithms based on research.
d, masters or bachelors degree in statistics, econometrics, physics, mathematics, or a similar quantitative field.
6+ years of work experience in data analysis, applied statistics, machine learning, or econometrics.
graduate-level command of statistics and probability theory.
strong technical background, experience working with scalable data systems such as spark.
proficiency with sql and at least one scripting language, r, python, etc.
⦁ expertise in sap bi, bw, sap analysis for office, and excel.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
our growing team here at myticas consulting is looking for an experienced rpa business analyst, project coordinator who would be interested in a contract opportunity offered within the chicago, il region.
agile methodology.
agile platforms.
job is also known as: rpa business analyst, project coordinator, business analyst.
this role will also create new reports and enhance existing ones using various business intelligence tools, through information available in the data warehouse in order to deliver report solutions and reporting packages, database solutions, as well as maintenance of existing services and deliverables related to reporting needs.
problem solving, analysis.
communication skills, verbal and written.
math skills.
we are looking for a tableau specialist who can build dashboards from data extracted from ms access.
experience writing sql statements is highly desired.
basic knowledge of tableau is required.
3 month+ project.
the candidate will be responsible for all aspects of the software development life cycle, sdlc, including but not limited to the following.
advise clients on technical aspects of project, all phases.
day to day interaction with project team.
provide guidance to technology management resources on specific project efforts.
project administration.
involved with day-to-day discussions of project issues, interact with management and team members.
keep project plans current.
minimum 4 years’ experience as a business analyst responsible for all aspects of the software development life cycle, sdlc.
excellent communication skills with the ability to interact at all levels of the organization.
3-10 years of power bi experience.
past experience creating custom visualization.
scripting knowledge, python preferred.
insight global is looking for a strong power bi analyst to join a new and growing company in the roanoke market.
you will play an vital part of growing the power bi team and helping create custom data visualizations for clients.
you will work within a microsoft environment with the backend mainly driven by azure and sql will the data visualization focused in power bi.
software testing: 1 year, preferred.
power bi: 3 years, preferred.
this analyst will perform analysis of complex database information and support data warehouse projects.
strong sql skills.
oracle, ms sql server.
experience with aws is a plus.
experience with tableau is a plus.
conduct trending, forecasting, predictive modeling to identify patterns and get to the root causes.
minimum bachelors degree in business, economics, math, statistics or finance.
a proven track record for developing, implementing and monitoring statistical models, regression, decision trees, time series analysis, classification, sensitivity analysis, etc.
experience using statistical and data mining languages,
i. e. t-sql, pl, sql, python, r, sas.
highly proficient with visualization platforms, powerbi, ssrs, and ability to extract insight and provide recommendations to senior leadership.
excellent written and verbal communication skills, able to communicate professionally in both verbal and written english.
able to use predictive modeling techniques to optimize resource allocation and help improve successful student outcomes.
able to develop and implement operational models and a, b testing techniques.
capable of writing complex sql logic along with the proper level of documentation as required for reporting and compliance requests.
proficient in ms office, word, excel, powerpoint, and other business tools such as skype and microsoft teams.
mba or masters degree in finance, computer science, computer information systems, statistics, or analytics.
streamline algorithms and automate the modeling production process along with adjacent kpis that reflect the models credibility.
follow data management process and workflow processes.
familiarity with internet explorer, microsoft office applications, word, excel, outlook.
excellent communication skills.
about the role: this edi data analyst will support the production, development, and data warehouse teams to gather data and ensure the quality of the information is correct and is directed to the proper areas.
healthcare data analysis experience.
support in conducting market research analysis.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
great communication.
experience with change management within software development.
strong excel experience.
documenting, reporting in tableau.
experience within software testing.
founded in 1898, northeastern is a global research university and a world leader in experiential learning.
the same commitment to connecting with the world drives our use-inspired research enterprise.
our campuses in charlotte, n. c, san francisco, seattle, and toronto are regional platforms for undergraduate and graduate learning and collaborative research.
northeastern pursues advanced research in security and materials at the innovation campus in burlington, massachusetts, and in coastal sustainability at the marine science center in nahant, massachusetts.
the ideal candidate will play a critical role in providing hr data and analytics to support the university leveraging reporting tools including sql, cognos and argos.
collaborate with hr and analyst experts in testing and validation of data for accuracy.
proficient in sql query.
strong microsoft excel skills required.
demonstrated effective interpersonal and customer service skills for effective communication with all employee levels.
excellent oral and written communication skills;
we bring unmatched creativity, experience and technology to every project we undertake.
· expertise in excel.
excel:
this is a project to develop an application for the end client on a global level, this individual will be the liaison between business partners and technical team.
uat scripts - in excel, word, powerpoint, sharepoint.
project management, business analysis.
support and lead project management of several activities, from business process analysis and re-engineering to the analysis and improvement of organizational structures.
this role requires you to “roll up your sleeves” and do what is necessary to deliver the project.
facilitate stakeholder decision-making and communication.
given the wide range of priorities and the need for collaboration, you should be knowledgeable and customer-oriented, possessing strong communication, verbal and written, and presentation skills.
develop test plans and conducting extensive testing of applications and features.
excellent analytical skills, logical and structured thinking, creative in problem solving.
superior personal and interpersonal attributes, communication and soft skills, ability to work in a team, results-oriented and a performance-oriented work style, creativity, entrepreneurial qualities, personal maturity.
familiarity with project management methodologies, agile and waterfall.
proficient in microsoft office suite, specifically excel and visio; familiarity with ms access and smartsheets.
basic project management skills and provide project progressupdate to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problemsolving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
finance or project management background.
intermediate to advanced ms excel skills.
quantitative and analytical skills using ms excel effectively to develop models and drive analyses.
- strong excel knowledge with the ability to build out macros, vlookups, pivot tables, and export data into external systems for reporting.
- programming experience with vba, virtual basic, and python within excel.
- strong communication and the desire to lead projects as this person will be an individual contributor working across multiple business units to drive initiatives around data reporting and automation.
this person will be responsible for creating macros in excel and utilizing bi tools, powerbi specifically, to automate data reporting across 5 different business units.
on a weekly basis, this person will pull data from excel utilizing virtual basic and python to create reports for each business unit.
other responsibilities will include following up on data accuracy, driving project initiatives, and communicating between business units.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
prepare analysis in excel by retrieving data between various files to determine profitability and the next step with the vendor.
prepare and analyze statistical data used for forecasting.
maintain project tracking spreadsheets.
provide support for sales-related and marketing administrative projects that include conducting research on companies and products.
knowledge of advanced excel skills such as formatting, creating complicated formulas, working with foreign currencies, and v lookups.
good math aptitude and analytical skills; good overall concept of cost and selling prices.
ability to work well under pressure to meet project deadlines.
excellent written and oral communication skills; ability to respond to incoming emails with proficiency and professionalism.
bi-lingual a plus.
· develops software programs, algorithms, dashboards, information tools, and queries to clean, model, integrate and evaluate datasets.
· conducts quantitative and qualitative analysis on data and information to ensure correct predictive forecasting and classification.
ideal candidate would hold degree in: business analytics, mathematics, a major in applied mathematics, a major in statistics, biostatistics, a major in actuarial mathematics, or a major in big data analytics, or engineering.
candidate must have at least 2 years of working experience as a database analyst, sas programmer, business analytics expert, statistician, predictive analytics specialist, data scientist, or related fields.
strong computer skills in excel.
documents product and service requirements and develops testing procedures to ensure applications meet the needs of the business while complying with company and regulatory requirements.
conducts advanced analysis on data and information systems to ensure accurate predictive forecasting models.
work with clients to determine business requirements, priorities, define key performance indicators, kpi, and develop bi.
tableau.
microsoft access, excel, powerpoint intermediate required sql server system.
oracle database management system, dbms.
power bi: 1 year, preferred.
tableau: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
2+ years of work experience in quantitative research or data analysis + bachelors degree in a quantitative field.
strong competency in excel and powerpoint.
experience with programming and statistical analysis languages such as sql, r, and python.
resource to support ar overdue and dispute reduction initiative for the project.
basic project management skills and provide project progress update to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the company is committed to helping employees achieve financial security and improved quality of life.
these roles do not require direct experience with master data management, but it would be a huge plus, theyll teach anyone without mdm experience.
we need candidates that have experience related to data profiling, data modeling, data governance, data analysis, etc. must have sql experience and some kind of exposure to python, even if youre just learning it on your own.
technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques.
strong knowledge of databases, sql, programming, python.
knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical, data science packages for analyzing datasets.
adept at queries, visualization and presenting findings.
experience working in an agile team.
strong oral and written communication skills.
self-starter with excellent interpersonal skills, accountability, and project management skills.
leverage data science skills to automate data management.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
define and implement data quality rules.
provide ad-hoc reporting and analysis support and data analysis expertise to all users, 30.
bachelors degree in mathematics, computer science, economics, or statistics; or at least 2 years equivalent work experience in analytics or a related discipline.
strong sql or excel skills with the ability to learn other analytic tools.
be proficient with computers and applications such as microsoft excel, google tools and sap communicate and facilitate with excellent interpersonal skills are required.
data analysis: 2 years, required.
excellent communication skills; must be able to write clearly and concisely.
experience in excel especially pivot tables and formulas.
our client believes that major improvements in environmental performance will be delivered through product design.
the analyst will also support with data collection, verification and preliminary review of compliance documentation.
advanced ms excel skills required, experience with tableau or other reporting tools preferred.
excellent communication and presentation skills.
demonstrated ability to excel in a fast-paced, schedule-driven environment.
basic project management skills and provide project progress update to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the company is committed to helping employees achieve financial security and improved quality of life.
you will work directly with the vp of data quality to identify and implement opportunities to limit the number of marketing scrub ids, analyze traits and define logic for application of scrubs.
the ideal candidate will have strong experience in sql, data reporting and a collaborative, communicative mindset.
5+ years’ experience with data analysis using sql.
strong ability to write complex sql queries.
experience working in a teradata environment.
heavy documentation skills; will be working with ba to document requirements, create testing scripts, and execute testing and validation routines.
strong communication skills, analytical mindset and ability to collaborate with a team.
sql
data analysis: 5 years, preferred,
performs complex, senior-level, data analysis, data research, database management, and application development assignments for the data analytics, da, section in the center for analytics and decision support, cads, in support of the medicaid and chip services, mcs, program
work involves conducting detailed analysis of data sets, performing data needs assessment, data acquisition, cleaning and standardization, extraction, transformation and loading into database systems; designing, coding, testing, implementing and maintaining computer applications to increase efficiency through the automation of routine tasks; and mentoring da team members in the use of compiled datasets.
ejf 2: consults and coordinates with da, cads and mcs staff in order to identify business needs related to medicaid, chip and reference data in various hhs and other systems and transform research and reporting requirements into da, cads data systems.
knowledge of data analysis techniques.
knowledge of scientific research methods, statistical techniques, mathematics, geographical concepts and their application to data analytics.
skill in developing computer applications using high level interpreted languages such as python.
skill in using sas, spss, sql, r, access, business objects or other statistical and database management software.
skill in using excel or other spreadsheet software.
skill in database management with oracle, sql server or similar large database systems.
demonstrated ability to build applications using scripting, programming languages such as visual basic, python, and powershell.
are you interested in expanding your career through experience and exposure, all while supporting a mission that seeks to ensure the security of our nation and its allies.
as a leading global security company, we provide innovative systems, products and solutions to our customers worldwide.
assists in the design and conduct of studies and research using behavioral and social science perspectives of public health issues and problems.
translates the results of public health research, programs and policies.
conducting training sessions for using qualitative data collection methods.
contributing to formative research efforts and communications for behavioral change.
maintaining communication with project leaders.
this position will be engaged with branch leadership and project staff.
demonstrated experience providing training in qualitative data collection methods.
research, data analyst.
the mid-america regional council, the kansas city area’s nonprofit association of city and county governments and metropolitan planning organization, is seeking a qualified professional to serve in the research services department as a research, data analyst.
as a research, data analyst reporting to the director of research services, you would.
partner with the director of research services and the senior researcher to brainstorm analytical approaches, determine project timelines and conduct analyses.
display result using a variety of data visualization techniques including maps, charts and graphs, both static and interactive.
demonstrated quantitative proficiency using at least one of the following technical tools: statistics, predictive modelling, geospatial analysis, gis, relational databases, informatics or data science.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency using public data sources such as the census bureau, the bureau of labor statistics and the centers for disease control.
proficiency using sql server, python, r, sas, tableau or similar software tools to automate analyses and visualize results.
experience using machine learning and big data, especially data from location-based services.
this position requires a strategic and tactical viewpoint, strong problem solving and technical skills.
design and implement machine learning models, collaborate with product and engineering to turn models into reliable data products.
strong skills in sql and python.
experience with machine learning and statistical modeling.
strong communication and interpersonal skills.
familiarity with looker, tableau, chartio or other data viz tools.
familiarity with gcp or other big data environments.
must research the analysis and categorize the encounter.
essen is seeking an individual who is skilled in the use of power bi, excel, sharepoint and sql databases for data analysis with scripting via phyton.
· analyze, present and explain information in accessible and actionable way, i. e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data.
· programs using excel and sql or other appropriate software to generate reports based on input, direction from management and other report users.
· pull and integrate data from disparate sources, i. e. budgeting reports, cost and claims or clinical data.
· expert knowledge of ms excel.
· strong knowledge of sql – formulate analytic questions as database queries.
bachelors degree in health services research, actuarial science, statistics, or economics or minimum four, 4, years of data analyst or related experience, including proficiency with analytical software.
at least 1-year experience data mining complex sets and formulating custom reports.
· experience performing data analysis from ecw, claims, rosters, etc.
· strong analytic and reporting skills required. · effective oral, written and interpersonal communication skills required.
data mining: 1 year, preferred.
sql: 3 years, preferred.
python:
knowledge of application, data and infrastructure architecture disciplines.
very good communication skills and excellent in building relationships with stakeholders and product owners.
agile methodology with scrum framework experience.
assists with the creation of recommendations for specific actions or work based on analysis and research.
assists with the creation of population health business, technical requirements, as well as other pertinent project documentation.
one, 1, years of data analysis or equivalent experience is required
responsible for uploading product information into multiple systems, including but not limited to: shopify, google docs, shipping easy, jira, excel.
intermediate, or advanced, excel skills.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
projects include collaboration on reporting efforts and projects with the directors unit for policy research and evaluation, dupre, and the business operations unit.
perform user acceptance testing on vendor created reports and assist other analysts with validating their reports.
attend data management and reporting specific training or conferences.
responsible for providing project coordination, support, and assistance in all aspects of simple to somewhat complex projects.
coordinates internal plan audits for compliance to both state and federal guidelines, project outcomes, and trends, making recommendations on related programs.
develops and implements communication tools for new and related providers, recipients, and other outside agencies.
preference may be given to applicants who have experience and expertise with data and reporting tools, such as ibm cognos, tableau, and r. knowledge.
oral and written communication skills to communicate with a broad range of audiences, including administrators, legislators, contractors, and staff.
knowledge and effective use of microsoft suite, including word, excel, and powerpoint, google mail, google calendar, and google sites.
assisting with execution and analysis of research such as consumer insight surveys and content, audience and competitor analysis.
expert skills in excel and extensive experience working with large data sets; strong numbers acumen.
client-facing, consultative demeanor, and a highly professional communication style.
tasks will include but are not limited to: collecting, analyzing, transforming and loading data from multiple information lanes into one or more databases; verifying and maintaining the integrity of the data, the databases, and associated database functions; coordinating the extraction of data to support specific project needs; providing data interpretation support by generating reports, tables and graphical data displays.
the successful candidate must be able to work with developers and data scientists to recommend system updates as well as new solutions, and must be able to communicate effectively with scientific team members to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the data stored in and retrieved from project databases.
collects, analyzes, transforms, and loads scientific data into a database using sql, excel, and other programs and, or etl tools.
works continuously with developers and data analyst to ensures the integrity of all incoming data, stored data, and outgoing reports to support all project needs.
interacts directly with clients and team members to determine data-related requirements and develops and implements effective data management strategies to meet these needs.
experience in data management and analysis.
experience in methodologies and processes for managing relational database management systems, sql server, oracle, or access.
experience with data analysis tools, r, python, preferred.
a minimum of 2 years experience in data management, data analysis, or related field.
amp analytics collaborates with partners across product, design, engineering, and business teams: our mission is to drive innovation at apple through deep quantitive research of the app store, apple music, apple tv, apple books and apple podcasts among other services.
3+ years of experience in a data visualization, data scientist, or data analyst role, preferably for a digital subscription business.
strong proficiency with sql-based languages.
experience with large scale analytics technologies such as hadoop and spark preferred.
proficiency with data visualization tools such as tableau for full-stack data analysis, insight synthesis and presentation.
you have good communication, social and presentation skills with meticulous attention to detail.
you will build dashboards, self-service tools, and reports to analyze and present data associated with customer experience, product performance, business operations, and strategic decision making closely partner with our data science team to develop global bi dashboards, data pipelines, sophisticated security controls, and scalable ad-hoc reporting engage with product, business, engineering, and marketing teams to capture requirements, influence end-state way we make decisions, and craft world class bi tools to support those partners you will partner with data engineering and data science to craft our data infrastructure investments in support of bi needs you should influence upstream data model design, drive aggregate definitions, and develop your own data solutions as needed successfully bridge analytics and business, ability to speak the language of both.
minimum of a bachelors degree in computer science, statistics, mathematics, engineering, economics or related field.
creates and implements algorithms which manage data to enable it to be analyzed in an efficient manner.
leads the communication of derived insights, especially through appropriate visualization techniques.
undergraduate degree required, analytics, business intelligence, information systems, mathematics, statistics, finance, operations, supply chain, or related area.
2+ years of data analysis experience.
advanced microsoft excel skills.
experience querying large databases, data warehouses with sql.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
proficiency with sql scripts, indexes and queries to analyze and manage data.
implementing projects in existing databases and software products using sql.
excellent verbal and written communication skills.
familiarity with ms access and power bi, tableau, or other programs a plus.
strong knowledge of excel.
experience with vba, javascript or other language desirable.
activities include but are not limited to data collection, data cleaning and preparation, manipulation with large data sets, processing the medication risk stratification using webservice and generating the report.
this person will work in collaboration with trhc’s sale and marketing department as well as scientists in the trhc scientific precision pharmacotherapy research and development institute, spprdi, to carry out quantitative analyses and participate in collaborative research projects.
identifies data quality issues or errors and verifies the results.
works with interdisciplinary teams of the randd institute including research data analysts and clinical scientists, software engineer.
maintains confidentiality and security with regard to data access.
bachelors degree in computer science, applied math, economics, engineering, epidemiology or related public health field or related experience.
experience using one or more of the following: sql, sas, matlab or python.
adept in basic data analysis using r, or proficient in other programming languages such as javascript.
understanding of general research objectives and overall research procedures.
familiarity with research databases, data management of large databases including, but not limited to: medicare databases from the cms, insurance claims databases from private insurance companies, public use data files.
ability to execute assigned project tasks within established schedule.
successful interns will be quantitative fast learners proficient in sql, python, heap.
ability to excel in a fast-paced, high-stakes environment.
the right candidate will have experience with data governance initiatives and hands on experience with tools like collibra.
bachelor’s degree and 8+ years work experience, with a minimum of 2 years working directly on data governance, data management initiatives.
knowledge of regulatory data management and reporting, with familiarity of core regulatory drivers, bcbs, ccar, mifid ii, dfast, volcker, solvency ii, etc.
understanding of, and experience creating, data governance artifacts, such as business glossaries, data dictionaries, business and data quality rules, and lineage.
data analysis skills with experience in data profiling and discovery; hands-on sql experience strongly preferred.
strong documentation abilities, including strong excel and powerpoint skills, visio flows, and mock-up creation.
data driven and familiar with data governance principles
project management.
research service insights software to determine which software best meets slafb needs.
ensure security and privacy by establishing appropriate user roles and permissions.
develop analytical presentations to share with key stakeholders, including members, research partners, and donors.
train staff on data use, data analysis, and data systems as needed.
bachelors degree or equivalent experience in data analytics, statistics, mathematics, economics, social science research, or another related field, masters degree preferred.
experience in statistical or other data analysis.
strong and proven understanding of data cleanup challenges, data management strategies, and logical database design.
demonstrated success in team environments as well as competencies in adaptability, collaboration, and communication.
must be a united states citizen with an active secret security clearance.
use technologies, such as sql, tableau, r, and python, to manage data preparation, analysis and presentation.
excellent technical analytical experience - to include some of the following excel, sql, python, r, or tableau.
bachelors in computer science, statistics, mathematics, or a related field.
clean out old staff accounts in the active directory and security groups.
implement and update bridge data, network, and hardware security policy.
database administration.
ensure the security of eto by revoking access of former employees.
compare assessments from each program for data overlap and data collection redundancies.
consolidate data collection tools and forms across the agency.
support cross-agency data collection and sharing activities, as advised by the director.
strong problem solving skills.
solid communication skills.
focused on delivering unsurpassed services in support of law enforcement and homeland security, fsa, a rapidly growing joint venture owned by trusted solutions providers saic and amentum, has a vacancy for a data analyst.
excellent communication skills; oral and written.
experience with the microsoft office suite of applications, excel, powerpoint, word, and other common software applications, to include databases, intermediate skills preferred.
expert with microsoft excel, sql and various business intelligence and analytical tools and technologies.
critical thinking, research and problem-solving skills.
excellent communication skills oral and written.
understanding of ms project server, online.
the project management tools lead will develop and foster relationships across the program, be responsive to evolving needs, and communicate effectively across all levels of the organization.
support the creation and maintenance of project management tools – creating dashboards and dynamic reports using tableau and leveraging microsoft project server for project status, plans and risk and issue management.
proven experience in designing effective dashboards, via tableau and any other tools.
work with project stakeholders to understand current project status and focus areas for project governance.
methods+mastery dallas is seeking a data analyst who is passionate about data-driven intelligence with an interest in data engineering.
we are looking for an entrepreneurial analyst who has professional experience conducting quantitative analyses using python and pulling data from disparate sources via apis to create rich datasets.
this work will include assisting our data scientist in building out data pipelines, and analyzing data using python to deliver reports, actionable insights, and strategic recommendations for our clients.
you’ll have the opportunity to contribute against the full spectrum of communication mediums and disciplines including interactive, mobile, social, advertising, branding, experiential, video, motion, presentations, environmental and print.
support the development of data science products by helping to build data pipelines using cloud computing and apis.
conduct quantitative analyses in python using packages such as pandas, scikit-learn, and nltk.
develop insights and strategies from data pulled through social analytics tools, digital analytics tools, primary and secondary market research and business analysis and competitive data; translate those insights into creative marketing strategies; transform consumer insights into reports and strategic plans.
package and communicate research findings, insights and strategic recommendations – written and verbal – in a clear, concise, and compelling way.
bachelors degree in mathematics, statistics, economics, computer science, engineering, or a related quantitative discipline.
1+ years professional experience conducting quantitative analyses using python.
1+ years experience with relational databases and data manipulation using sql.
skilled user of tools such as excel, tableau.
exposure to gcp or similar cloud computing platform, aws, azure, etc.
collaborative attitude, strong work ethic and ability to thrive and excel in a challenging fast-paced environment.
global security executive protection team is looking for a data analyst to support data-driven decision making on the team.
the successful candidate must have experience in data analysis, ability to think analytically, and have the skills to optimize our delivery process.
bachelors degree with 2+ years of experience of data analysis.
2+ years of tableau development experience.
knowledge in relational databases and sql.
experience with data management, specifically with validating and auditing data and reports from multiple systems.
analytical, problem solving, and troubleshooting abilities.
excellent partnership and communication skills.
ensure the integrity and security of information and access to support company reporting and internal control standards.
strong microsoft excel skills.
strong problem solving skills.
understanding of sql and importing of data from excel spreadsheets.
job duties include improving and normalizing data through scrubbing data, writing testing scripts, performing quality control on data and data storage, and enabling data access.
this role also performs some database administration functions including ensuring the integrity and completeness of our core rds mysql databases in both production and back-up states to meet our business and customer commitments.
bachelors degree in computer science, information systems, database administration or other related technical area or equivalent experience with the expectation that a bachelors degree will be obtained within a reasonable timeframe following hire.
3 to 5 years prior experience working in it in database management or systems administration with a heavy emphasis on data management tools and techniques including change management, systems administration, data management and access control related activities.
strong sql skills, including the ability to write efficient queries and read stored procedures.
effective written and oral communication skills.
knowledge of relevant laws including the health insurance portability and accountability act, hipaa, and it security regulations, soc 2 type ii, preferred.
research and analysis of confidential investigative information relating to crime activity in order to assist and.
patterns, trends, hot spots and other potentially relevant statistics related to criminal activity.
and maintains analytical reports and statistics and disseminates information to appropriate staff.
knowledge of research and analytical techniques in the extraction and presentation of data.
skill in creating reports and other documentation in word, excel and powerpoint or other appropriate.
actively support the project from start to finish in accordance with policies and processes.
experience in an agile or non-agile context, requirements validation, defect management, and facilitating workshops.
proactive communication skills to cooperate with business partners ability to thrive under-pressure.
alcglobalsoftware offer devops, testing services, agile software development, digital transformation services.
five, 5, years’ experience in the health care industry, with one or more relevant project, s. five, 5.
years’ experience on one or more project, s, with government partners, municipal.
continuous process improvement or problem solving certification.
2, works closely with project team, organizational smes and project lead.
3, coaches project team on effective business analysis processes and techniques.
 requirements management and communication.
 budgeting and forecasting.
additional sample duties specific to agile.
problem solving certification, like lean six sigma, preferred.
pull digital, email, and print subscriber audiences, counts, and profiles via our database access tool, sql.
work with and support privacy policy coordinator and condé nast global compliance team.
experience using sql and working in large data environments preferred.
strong communication and analytical skills, in order to effectively derive and share business insights from data sets.
experience supporting direct marketing activities in a data warehouse environment.
by clicking the “apply” button, i understand that my employment application process with takeda will commence and that i agree with takeda’s privacy notice, privacy policy and terms of use.
you will have the opportunity to learn what these varied groups do and how they create and ultimately submit their data into an internal data warehouse for integration; that information will be brought to the data integration team for assessment to create data mapping plans to transform the data into a standard structure for visualization.
for example: biostatistics, mathematics, statistics, or computer science. 0
evidence of project organizational skills and ability to organize multiple differing initiatives at the same time in a flexible, fast-moving environment.
familiarity with the following is a plus: clinical research, clinical trial process and related regulatory requirements and terminology, understanding of good laboratory practices, glp, and good manufacturing practices, gmp.
the candidate should have excellent written and verbal communication, organizational and interpersonal skills, be a strong team player and fully at ease in a matrix environment.
we are looking for a business intelligence expert that will aid in testing these products to improve the end user experience.
analyze large data sets using a variety of database query and visualization tools.
proficient in sql and microsoft excel.
solid grasp of common statistical methods and applications, a, b testing, probability, regression.
advanced understanding of data analysis and visualization techniques.
com, careers and all communication from dun and bradstreet will come from an email address ending in @dnb. com.
· project management of new initiatives related to data operations core functions.
· research technical issues across platforms to identify root cause.
· project management and job build-out.
· minimum 2 years of relevant work experience in it operations, reporting or business analyst, project management role.
· excellent verbal and written communication skills, exhibited leadership abilities, good organization and prioritization skills.
· experience with one or more of the following: sftp, cogent, edi, etl, sql, or crystal reports is a plus in this role.
data transfer, data analysis, project management: 2 years, required.
sftp, cogent, edi, etl, sql, crystal reports: 1 year, preferred.
our platform has developed one of the first real time optimization algorithms in marketing, the glassview effect, and a proprietary branded video player, with over 28 different ways to serve video, just check out our products page on our website.
willing to create reports, work on application reviews, sales analysis, quality analysis and forecasting.
excel, powerpoint and google apps
this includes primary engagement in data analysis for the purpose of risk assessment, data interpretation and business decision guidance and process improvement.
on site liaison for business automation initiatives including testing and process validation.
ba or certification in math, finance, programming or data analytics, or other similarly oriented field, required.
advanced skillset in data mining, data analysis, and reporting of trends, anomalies, and insights financial and procedural required.
advanced knowledge in ms word, powerpoint, and excel including pivot tables, macros and formulas.
ability to learn or current working knowledge of sql.
the ideal candidate will have experience working with the odni, a strong background in data science and tagging, and exceptional communication skills, verbal and written.
the contractor shall assist the government to mine and analyze data from various databases to drive optimization and improvement of strategy and policy development.
the contractor shall develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
the contractor shall recommend, develop and support implementation of best practices for standardizing data across its lifecycle through engineering, development and governance.
the contractor shall advise on a range of enterprise and ic data management matters through their application of substantive, analytical, operational, program management, and, or ic expertise.
degree must be in one of the following fields - computer information systems, computer science, database administration, data science, engineering, it management, mathematics, or statistics, or another quantitative field.
coding knowledge and experience with several languages, c, c, java, javascript, etc.
statistical and data mining techniques, regression, random forest, boosting, trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc.
querying databases and using statistical computer languages, r, python, etc.
using web services, redshift, spark, digitalocean, etc, ; and.
creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics, regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc.
strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development.
demonstrated expertise with developing and implementing data management strategies, processes, and technical solutions.
demonstrated expertise with one of the key data management knowledge areas: data management, data quality, metadata management, data governance, data modeling and design, data storage and operations, data integration and operability, document and content management, reference and master data.
outstanding oral and written communication skills with the ability to conduct independent research, filter and synthesize data, and produce clear, logical, and concise recommendations to policy and decision-making data management and governance professionals.
knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts, regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc, and experience with applications.
knowledge of the ic, odni, dod, and the overall national security apparatus.
works primarily with microsoft office products; word, excel, power point, and outlook among other software products and within an enterprise business system comprised of, sap sales and distribution, and trader’s scheduler
system testing: through coordination with the cor, cognizant gtl participate in the testing of additions and, or changes to systems’ functionality that affect a particular process in the bpsd.
collaborate with engineering to advance data infrastructure and governance.
3-5+ years of professional, post-academic relevant experience as an individual contributor performing quantitative analysis, preferably for an internet or technology company, please note: unfortunately, internships, co-ops, practica, university research, independent projects, etc.
bachelors or masters degree in math, engineering, statistics or other quantitative field, with a track record of academic excellence.
ability to write complex sql queries to extract data from a variety of internal sources.
solid understanding of statistics with ability to explain statistical concepts to non-technical audiences.
proficiency with bi tools such as tableau, looker, or equivalent.
knowledge of programming languages such as python, r preferred.
do you love working in machine learning, real-time analytics, or big data.
we are looking for a data expert that will help our clients evaluate and implement big data and advanced analytics solutions in the cloud and on-premise.
we are passionate about data, problem solving and driving value to make a difference with our clients.
our data visualization practice is expanding and looking to develop in multiple us regions.
as a tableau specialist at clarity insights you would be responsible for exceeding client expectations through superior implementation, delivery and management of technology products and solutions.
develop and maintain advanced reporting, analytics, dashboards and other bi solutions using tableau.
create other technical deliverable artifacts needed for project implementation.
2+ years of background developing data visualization solutions using tableau.
excellent client interaction, problem solving and communication skills.
experience working with relational databases, oracle, sql server, netezza, teradata, is required.
experience using tableau for the creation of dashboards, standard reports and ad-hoc reports.
experience working with multiple disparate data sources in tableau.
experience with advanced tableau topics such as complex calculations, table calculations, parameters, geographic mapping, and performance optimization.
familiar with data visualization best practices.
strong experience writing complex sql.
experience implementing data visualization solutions using hadoop.
we often could speak to a cfo or head of underwriting about a business or finance problem, and based on the need for real-time and affordable scalability, we can outline – in terms they can understand – why they should think about a cloud solution for big data and analytics.
if we step across to the devops lab, we can easily pick up on a conversation about apache committers, osf, full stack development, microservices, containers and much more.
i have a million things to share about why that may change and why that must stay the same for now, but here’s a suggestion – if you love cloud computing for big data and, or advanced analytics, machine learning, etc we should talk.
you are excited about pulling reports within our bi solutions and managing our internal reporting suit and working with internal and external customers.
you are passionate about problem solving with data using tools such as sql, bi reporting and data lakes.
create and maintain dashboards and reports to aid in product monitoring and optimization.
provide reports, data, and analytics through our corporate bi system.
working with bi reporting tools - tableau is preferred.
sql and data analysis.
must be experienced in gathering requirements for analytics using tools like adobe analytics cloud, omniture, testandtarget, target, google analytics, etc. must be able to gather requirements for a, b testing or multivariate testing.
coordinate with the graphic designer to develop the user interface screen-coordination with the stakeholder forgetting sign offs on the user stories, wireframes and mockups-brainstorming the requirement with the internal stakeholders-organizing and leading the knowledge sharing session with the development, testing teams to spread the requirement.
5. provide training and communication on the new tool.
conduct data analysis and related functions in order to inform stakeholders, understand data trends, and tie data into business processes and objectives.
conduct data analysis to answer standard or recurring inquiries and identify trends, correlation, and other relationships in data sets.
highly proficient in the ms office suite, particularly ms excel.
familiarity with software or tools used for business analytics, data analysis, and visualization such as tableau, powerpivot, powerbi, access, or vizio.
experience with data visualization methods and approaches.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
data visualization: 4 years, preferred.
tableau: 4 years, preferred.
data analysis: 4 years, required.
secret dod security clearance, required.
to do so, they collaborate across circlecis entire organization, including product, design, and marketing as well as application and data engineering.
turn business problems into research plans.
leverage data from the data lake, data warehouse, third parties, and source systems.
soundly use statistics and probability.
define requirements for data engineering to improve data, automation and analytics capabilities.
technical education: a bachelors degree in a technical or quantitative field, statistics, mathematics, computer science, engineering, economics, or finance.
proficiency across analytics tools: deep experience with analytical sql queries, inner, left, right joins, ctes, and window functions.
some experience with scripting within a notebook environment, preferably using python, pandas and jupyter.
familiarity with basic statistics, distributions, experiments, significance testing, and linear regression.
experience with a major analytics, visualization platform, tableau or looker.
specifically a product or events analytics platform, google analytics, amplitude or segment, and an ab testing tool, optimizely or vwo.
if you contribute to an open-source project, write a blog, or have a presence on the web, github, twitter, stack, etc, we would love to hear about it.
the business intelligence and insights analyst is responsible for providing quantitative and qualitative reporting, data visualization and analysis on internal and external business and industry metrics.
analyzes disparate and complex data and creates custom reports to identify industry opportunity, create advisor segmentation models, assist with territory optimization, and track wholesaler activity on behalf of sales management.
conducts territory research utilizing internal and external data sources to determine potential sales opportunities.
advanced excel skills required with a knowledge of and ability to use the entire microsoft suite.
ability to adhere to data governance standards set by the organization and work with confidential information.
ability to analyze1st, 2nd and 3rd party research.
strong written and verbal communication, with an ability to explain complex reporting to all members of the organization.
experience with tableau and sql or similar tools preferred.
the data analytics manager is responsible for managing residential solar asset performance and reporting, solar production data aggregation and monitoring, and servicing data management for energy service experts
this individual will manage a broad team that carries out day to day asset operations activities and will be a primary point of contact for business intelligence, bi, activities for the business.
monitor and maintain data quality across multiple data sources to ensure overall strong data integrity and availability.
ability to write sql queries and work with relational databases.
proven experience with a combination of platforms and tools including sql, ssrs, power bi, and excel.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
experience working with ms excel and crm case management software solutions strongly desired.
basic development skills including sql queries and powerbi.
the role involves developing insights to inform delivery strategy, logistics network optimization and process improvement opportunities - providing senior leadership with the ability to make effective data driven.
create and facilitate user acceptance testing and drive adoption of reporting toolsets across the. supply chain organization.
identify gaps in our data collection and collaborate with product and engineering on data capture.
develop models with various forecasting techniques to improve operational efficiency.
mathematics, finance or statistics.
fluency in sql or other programming languages.
scripting language, php, python, perl, etc.
high level of proficiency in excel and working knowledge of data visualization tools such as.
tableau, looker, etc.
planning, inventory optimization and, or network optimization.
justworks is seeking a seasoned analyst with a passion for numbers and a demonstrated proficiency in manipulating large data sets to join the business intelligence, bi, team.
strategize data needs of the organization together with the other members of the bi team.
minimum of 2 years of experience working with sql and translating complex data questions into meaningful insights for non-technical stakeholders.
strong working knowledge of excel or another tool for data manipulation.
comfort with predictive modeling techniques.
knowledge of at least one statistical programming language preferred, with willingness to learn r, python or ruby.
experience building dashboards in tableau is a plus.
our team of scientists, engineers and business professionals is committed to making a new generation of genomic technologies accessible and affordable for multitude of previously unapproachable applications in healthcare, scientific research, agriculture and consumer genomics.
as a bioinformatics data analyst, you will be responsible for developing algorithms and tools, pipelines for data analysis, including new genome sequencing data, genotyping data and other biomedical data.
you will perform data analysis and benchmark analytical algorithms, tools and pipelines; participate in product development and customer support projects; explore new frontiers of data analysis; and take on other tasks that the supervisor sees fit.
maintaining and improving ngs data analysis pipelines.
exploring new frontiers of data analysis including machine learning.
bachelor in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or other computational science.
programming skills with c, python and, or r. fast learner and willing to learn new skills and technologies.
team player with good communication skills.
familiarity with ngs data analysis algorithms and tools, pipelines.
experience in machine learning algorithms.
databases, sql and nosql,
mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization of fraud rules.
develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets.
use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences.
3-5 years of experience in data analysis, reporting.
experience using statistical computer languages to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets, r, python, sql.
knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts, regression, statistical tests, etc, and experience with applications.
experience with distributed data, computing tools, hadoop, tableau.
excellent written communication skills - using proper grammar with smooth flow.
partner with technology counterparts, engineers, project managers, to understand payability’s underlying data structure to source data effectively to display to end-users and, or communicate necessary changes required to close data gaps.
capable to single-handedly deliver reports out of data visualization tools, looker, google data studios, etc, and, or database tools, pycharm, etc, for internal stakeholders, executive-level stakeholders, or for internal projects.
additional opportunity to work with our exciting machine learning team to assist in the development of models to manage and predict risk.
leverage sql to retrieve and analyze data from databases and practice etl process to manage large volumes of data.
work extensively within data visualization tools and, or database tools to generate and deliver reports for stakeholders in a timely manner.
manage and maintain any existing data visualizations within the data visualization tool.
the product analyst will have to partner with the stakeholder to devise a solution that meets the needs and deliver on the reporting ask by leveraging either a data visualization tool or querying the database directly.
strong technical accomplishments in sql and data analysis skills.
expertise in visualization technologies including looker and other technologies.
experience using jira and agile methodology.
understanding of various machine learning techniques a plus
middle level project based business knowledge.
verbal and written communication skills.
role: tableau - data and reporting analyst.
ability to build analytical reports and dashboards using tableau.
overall experience of 5 years on data visualization.
strong hands on experience on tableau 4 yrs minimum exposure to performance tuning on data sources and dashboards.
create complex elegant dashboards and maintain in tableau work with data from various sources from databases and files etc.
define execute and interpret complex sql queries.
work with teams at both shores and work towards complete the deliverables on time support activities to document evolve and communicate artifacts developed using tableau.
integration of tableau dashboards into various front end tools implementing data level security.
excellent communication skills and stakeholder management skills.
communicate well with the project stakeholders and clients.
provide guidance to stakeholders on devising effective and efficient approaches to achieve the project objectives.
liaise with other project areas to coordinate interdependencies and resolve issues.
report status and issues to the project manager, s. deliver frs, srs and traceability matrix.
contribute to enterprise architecture development from a business needs point of view.
sql.
basic project management skills and provide project progress update to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the company is committed to helping employees achieve financial security and improved quality of life.
formulating and defining project scope and objectives through research and fact-finding.
devising or modifying workflow and consumer experience to solve problems, considering backend software applications capacity, data availability and desired results.
ability to build relationships across their project team.
candidates need to be extremely versed in excel, be able to analyze data, and find the anomalies.
solid working knowledge of microsoft office, word, excel, access, powerpoint, with particular emphasis on strong excel skills.
minimum of 2 years prior experience with a database management.
must have excel skills.
using excel productively.
excel assessment will be required.
basic project management skills and provide project progress update to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the company is committed to helping employees achieve financial security and improved quality of life.
develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality.
ba or bs in statistics, math, computer science, physics or other technical related field; masters degree is preferred.
minimum of 2 years working experience in technical data analysis, data science, or data warehousing with proven business analysis experience.
demonstrated experience in at least one or more languages: r, python, c. net, javascript.
demonstrated experience with sql server.
advanced presentation, communication, verbal and written, and excel skills are required.
to be considered for this position candidate must have an interest in technology and strong computer skills, superlative communication skills in both written and verbal form and the ability to partner with multiple business partners.
organization of task needs and the clear communication of them to the broader it group for implementation.
management of project goals and time frames with third-party clients or providers.
proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential risks, and devise contingency plans and gap analyses as needed.
0-3 years of experience as a business analyst, project manager, or related field.
basic project management skills and provide project progress update to project stakeholders.
strong analytical skills, work ethic, independence, problem solving ability, effective communication skills, and overall positive attitude.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
proficiency with microsoft excel.
the company is committed to helping employees achieve financial security and improved quality of life.
develop excel dashboard to house all data for the process reviews.
must have strong knowledge of ms excel, pivot tables and v look ups.
must also have excellent communication skills.
data analyst will be responsible for everything having to do with ms excel and its basic functionality, file manipulation.
the purpose of this project is for tracing the cv19.
2 – 4 years of experience in data analysis.
strong excel experience is mandatory.
if you are interested in hearing additional information about this opportunity, please r email an updated copy of your resume to.
experience building dynamic and interactive dashboards and reports using bi tools like tableau, microstrategy,
microsoft bi.
business, communication skills, experience.
excellent communication skills and ability to present findings to key stakeholders, ability to work with difficult business unit leaders and understand their requirements.
bachelor’s degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, mis, information technology or related field.
experience in sql, sas, r, python, or other programming languages.
as subject matter expert, conducts statistical analysis across variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation to complex data mining and statistical modeling.
researches, analyzes, validates and documents business requirements for integrating business data sources into the enterprise data warehouse.
data analysis:
we are not looking for project managers, program managers, scrum masters, producers, agency campaign managers, advertising product managers, producers or analytics managers.
the product analyst will be working in an environment that supports both waterfall and agile methodology.
works in conjunction with product managers to define the project business needs and measures of success.
manages business requirements through design, develop, testing, and delivery phases to ensure business needs are met.
supports review of internal and external communication and training plans.
+ years of related business analysis and requirements management experience in financial services, systems development, product development, and, or project, product management.
3+ years of direct agile, scrum methodology experience.
strong consultative, listening, communication and analytical skills.
excellent command of verbal and written communication for all levels of stakeholders.
strong understanding of project and portfolio management, ppm, methodology.
strong understanding of agile, scrum methodology.
job title: it business analyst, 75, and project manager, 25.
business analyst and project manager will act as functional and technical liaison between cross functional teams for execution of projects.
will be responsible for requirements, documentation and leading the unstructured archival project towards completion.
project scope includes the unstructured content archival from sharepoint, outlook and shared file systems.
expected time division between the roles are 75% business analyst and 25% project manager.
as a business analyst it is required to understand and document unstructured data archival processes and follow the best practices.
knowledge or willingness to learn data archival processes and data management tools.
support communication and validation of requirements with stakeholders and identified smes.
assist in the definition of project scope and objectives, involving all relevant stakeholders and ensuring technical feasibility.
develop a detailed project plan to monitor and track progress.
good oral and written communication, listening and facilitation skills needed.
solid pc skills to include ms word, excel, powerpoint.
build and maintain scalable etl processes and pipelines to bring the data into our data warehouse.
build, maintain and administer looker as our bi tools and be the driving force behind the adoption and effective use of looker within every team of the company.
maintain the data quality and data integrity of the data warehouse in partnership with our data engineers, platform engineers.
visualization subject matter expert with bi technologies including looker, tableau, and, or another bi tool.
experienced in successfully managing projects, programs on-time, on-schedule, and within the budget by utilizing a project management system including jira.
strong listener with solid written and verbal communication skills.
4-5 years implementing and managing bi platforms and related analysis tools with large complex data sets from various sources, ideally with a focus on finance and tech.
confident with a scripting language, python, ruby, etc, to build data models and etls.
- hands on looker, tableau, qlik skills.
bi platform: 3 years, preferred.
the ideal candidate should have a strong statistical background, with a very good understanding of common machine learning techniques.
while we encourage the team to use the right tools for the job, candidates should at least be proficient in r or python and sql at a minimum.
this candidate should also have a demonstrated ability to manage client requests in a professional manner, communicate research and learnings to a variety of different audience types, from senior executives down to fellow analysts, and work in both project teams and in silo to solve interesting problems in a consultative fashion.
research and develop data driven solutions to help solve current and future business problems.
preparing data sets for applications such as classification, modelling and clustering.
proficient in at least one of r and python.
ability to query our databases, using platforms such as bigquery, accurately and efficiently using sql.
excellent knowledge of using common python, r statistical packages such as numpy, scipy, statsmodels.
working knowledge of machine learning concepts and techniques and their application.
degree in computer science, economics, mathematics, statistics or a similarly quantitative degree.
-this person will need to know data reporting, data modeling, strong sql skills, oracle database understanding etc.
-strong sql.
reporting, tableau or cognos or powerbi, : 4 years, preferred.
sql
data analysis: 5 years, preferred.
this position will work with air force life cycle management center, aflcmc, senior leadership to perform data extraction, cleansing, analysis, visualization and storytelling.
candidates will possess effective diplomatic, time management, and oral and written communication skills.
gather business requirements, analyze source systems, define underlying data sources and transformation requirements, design data models, and develop metadata for data analysis and visualization.
collaborate with business areas and project teams to elicit, identify, prioritize, and document data visualization and business intelligence requirements.
serve as a functional and technical data visualization and business intelligence subject matter expert.
translate business analysis and business needs into prototypes concepts of reports and dashboards and contribute to design and visualization best practices.
document data acquisition, data management and data governance processes.
candidates with experience using business intelligence, bi, and self-service data visualization tools such as qlik sense, qlik view, tableau or power bi are preferred.
excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills.
solid problem solving skills.
intermediate microsoft office, word, excel, outlook, powerpoint, and visio, skills.
be proficient with computers and applications such as microsoft excel, google tools and sap communicate and facilitate with excellent interpersonal skills are required.
data analysis skills: 1 year, required.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
conducts data analysis activities including being responsible for assuring compliance with north carolina dmh and dma contract requirements as well as other external and internal reporting needs.
assists with the development and presentation of various internal, external trainings related to data analysis.
2+ years experience in the area of data analysis.
2+ years experience data management.
2+ years experience in the area of statistics and reporting.
+ years experience using databases - ms sql preferred.
excellent problem solving and conflict resolution skills are essential.
bachelor’s degree, preferred in information technology, statistics, or human services fields.
measure the impact of major programs, initiatives on consumer behavior and perceptions, the response to varieties of digital experience testing, updating and explaining business results, uncovering cause, effect relationships, and understanding relative returns on investments.
development of forecasting models to predict the impact of potential actions or programs being considered.
determine of relevant data sources applicable to the business question and diligently verify the data quality and accuracy of the results.
power bi.
maintain proficiency with major business systems and the data on which it relies, including, but not limited to, : data warehouse, manhattan’s sci, weblogs, user, client and api logs, google analytics, ausa cdw, and eyc.
experience with advanced analytics or primary research methods and tools.
sql proficiency, database structure knowledge, relational, columnar, hadoop.
oral, written communication, initiative, negotiation, attention to detail, customer focus.
this person will be exporting data from the eto, efforts to outcome, application into an excel spreadsheet.
strong excel experience is required and eto experience is preferred.
confidentiality will be maintained, and data collection and reporting will be prioritized as required.
candidate must have excellent writing, computer and communication skills and demonstrate relevant experience in organization, typing, data entry and analyzing information
data analyst with tableau and sql experience.
1. help l@c with tableau migration from gtcbi to l@c servers, with expanded training contents to be added, including bcs and survey data analysis with all role, tech and product included.
in addition, some of the data are not linked to tableau via api file automatically, so we need to connect the data with api files directly – degreed, solomon, hr cmmc.
i’d like to use the data hub to optimize performance of our existing tableau dashboards as well.
the partner events are currently manually captured in excel files by each region, which is ideal to move them into tableau as well.
also, we need our tableau consumption dashboard to be build and presented, which we haven’t done yet.
this dashboard will help us to measure how many people used the tableau dashboard as well as survey data analysis.
sql: 5 years, required.
tableau: 5 years, required.
data analysis: 10 years, required.
knowledge of data governance, data management, data modeling, data cleansing, data extraction and transformation, data analysis, data migration, data integration and data mapping.
understanding of sql server integration services.
power bi a plus.
experience with lean six sigma, agile, waterfall.
performs validation and testing to confirm the accuracy of the information created.
maintains decision support or master data management solutions.
basic sql knowledge for report building.
proficient in ms excel.
provides data analysis as a result of defined operational queries and metrics.
excellent communication skills.
manage research, development, and delivery of analytical models to be used for strategizing and testing new product enhancements and features.
highly proficient with sql and visualization tools, tableau, and at least one scripting, statistical language, r, python preferred.
excellent communication skills, both written and oral.
hands-on experience with experimentation, including design, implementation, and methodologies, hypothesis testing and regression analysis, for analyzing and interpreting results to stakeholders.
ba, bs in a field that emphasizes data analysis and visualization, computer science, social sciences, physical sciences, math, engineering, or statistics, or equivalent work experience.
html, on deloittes 2019 technology fast 500 and also 2019s one of the best places to work in the bay area, https, www.
html, by the bay area news group.
also, as the position requires high level of collaboration and ability to deliver in, formal presentations to diverse professional audiences, strong interpersonal communication, problem solving, and negotiation abilities are required.
minimum bachelors degree in computer science, or quantitative discipline such as mathematics, statistics or related field.
experience in the use of powerbi or comparable business intelligence software for data analytics, visualization, integration and olap.
advanced working sql knowledge and experience working with relational databases, query authoring, sql, as well as working familiarity with a variety of databases.
extensive experience with advanced analytic features of access and excel required.
training and experience in statistical modeling, and the use of sas or comparable statistical analytics tool.
advanced knowledge of sql and relational databases, query authoring, sql, as well as working familiarity with a variety of data bases.
demonstrated proficiency in ms word, outlook, and powerpoint, and project.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
parkers is currently seeking a business intelligence analyst, bi analyst, to join our bi and analytics team.
you will work closely with our director of business intelligence and product development team on a daily basis to design, build, and optimize parker’s business intelligence architecture.
the bi analyst will be someone who is extremely passionate about leveraging technology in order to extract and share analytics insights through creative data visualizations.
he, she will be responsible for the design, development, implementation, and support of mission-critical enterprise business intelligence solutions such as alteryx and tableau.
excellent written and oral communication skills.
a strong commitment to data governance and security.
bachelor’s degree in computer science, engineering, math, mis, statistics or related, preferred.
experience in data mining, etl, or using databases in a business environment.
experience using business intelligence reporting, data visualization tools, preferably tableau.
experience using tools such as alteryx, or experience in writing advanced sql, performance tuning of bi queries, data modeling, and data mining from multiple sources.
have exposure to statistical modeling experience, python, r, sas, spss, preferred,
maintain vendor communication for printer functionality.
ssrs, sql server reporting services, knowledge.
sql query language knowledge.
excellent communication skills required both written and verbal, with the ability to communicate effectively with administrative staff, physicians, patients, families, employees, as well as external customers.
establishes clear directions; clear communicator; must maintain open communication with senior management and staff.
the university of miami is among the top research universities and academic medical centers in the nation, and one of the largest private employers in south florida.
the data analyst 1 performs basic data analysis using various techniques.
performs basic data analysis using various techniques, statistical analysis, explanatory and predictive modeling, data mining.
looking for an individual to support a dual role of business and data analyst as additional resource to support data quality under the marketing analytics, business intelligence and data governance team.
the primary job functions will include data validation leveraging our business intelligence, bi, tools along with creating a library of documentation of business glossary, rules, metrics, dashboard and reporting logics.
document and track all data flows in and out of the business intelligence tools including from enterprise data warehouse and other 3rd parties, business rules, calculations, expressions and logic.
sql – oracle.
business intelligence system experience; birst, tableau, microstrategy preferred.
proficient with ms excel.
sql – postgres, redshift, aws.
looking for an individual to support a dual role of business and data analyst as additional resource to support data quality under the marketing analytics, business intelligence and data governance team.
the primary job functions will include data validation leveraging our business intelligence, bi, tools along with creating a library of documentation of business glossary, rules, metrics, dashboard and reporting logics.
document and track all data flows in and out of the business intelligence tools including from enterprise data warehouse and other 3rd parties, business rules, calculations, expressions and logic.
sql – oracle.
business intelligence system experience; birst, tableau, micro strategy preferred.
proficient with ms excel.
sql – postgres, redshift, aws.
prepare data reports as needed using microsoft excel.
create server data sets and re-usable queries using microsoft sql management studio and oracle developer.
working knowledge of microsoft excel.
familiarity with microsoft access or microsoft sql management studio preferred.
uses different forms of communication in order to get the correct message across.
uses different forms of data analysis.
the right individual should demonstrate exceptional data analysis skills, driven by a strong attention to detail and the ability to operate successfully in a fast-paced, team-oriented environment.
lead data analysis, data validation and data integration for financial applications and systems.
collaborate with teammates on data integration using data integration methods, data governance processes, and best practices.
bachelor’s degree in an analytical field, math, economics, engineering, statistics, computer science, mis.
proficient in current and recent versions of microsoft sql server, oracle sql developer, microsoft visual studio, and database optimization and monitoring tools.
high proficiency with database analysis, query analysis, optimization, tools and methods to automate the extraction, transformation and loading of data.
the data analyst will also perform some analyses on various data to provide insights into trends of customer records, data quality, and opportunities for process improvement.
strong microsoft office skills, excel, powerpoint, word, etc.
youll need to mine multiple sources of data, derive actionable insights, and translate complex results or algorithms into simple conclusions that will empower others to take action to win with consumers.
business knowledge, social, and communication skills are therefore needed to thrive in this multi-functional leadership team.
we would like you to lead and improve analytical programs and results of your business unit, category, region together with consumer research.
demonstrating data visualization, power bi, tableau, excel, and analytic tools, r, sas, jmp, python, spark, to grasp the business insights from our mountain of data is what you will experience.
collaboration with multi-functional teams, consumer research, finance, marketing, it, sales.
a bachelor or masters degree in a quantitative field, operation research, computer science, engineering, applied math, economics, statistics, analytics etc.
data management and visualization skills, tools, sql, knime, spotfire, powerbi or similar, is an advantage.
programming languages, python, r, c or java, an advantage.
assist with training new analysts and act as project lead.
minimum 5+ years of combined experience in data analysis, report development and in healthcare, preferably medicaid managed care.
proven technical ability with microsoft sql server.
extensive knowledge of a structured query language such as tsql, pl, sql, microsoft access, spss or sas.
knowledge of reporting tools such as ssrs or tableau.
experience in databases, sql and olap architecture.
proficient knowledge of sql queries.
calculated hire is searching for a variety of different focused business analysts to join our energy client in charlotte for a major sap implementation project.
there is the opportunity for web-based development, data analytics, customer journey creation, testing and marketing support across these roles.
proven ability to be self-sufficient and work towards, hit project deliverables tied to front-end web development.
sql, python, java, c, sap-hana, pl, sql.
strong sql skills are preferred.
partner with qa and testing teams to ensure the resulting components are in accordance with company standards and as defined in approved testing plans.
relatable project or internship experience working with other group members.
coordinate assigned projects and special project work with allocated resources.
preferably excel.
strong communication skills, written and verbal.
5+ years of business systems analyst, fpanda, capacity planning or supply and demand forecasting experience.
experience in sql.
strong experience with ms excel and or automation, process improvement.
data analytics, business analytics and visualization experience to represent solutions in a visual way.
problem solving experience with experience understanding the opportunity, the end result needed, then build and lead efforts to deliver improvements.
project, program management, and process development experience.
bachelors degree in math, statistics, finance, economics, or other quantitative field.
lean, six sigma, agile or other process methodologies.
sql: 3 years, required.
support business initiatives through data analysis, identification of implementation barriers and user acceptance testing of various systems.
4+ years of business process or data analysis experience - healthcare strongly preferred.
strong computer skills- need to be an excel wizard, access experience is a plus.
title: bi analyst.
about the role: this bi developer, analyst will multiple company projects by designing and developing in sql, defining business requirements, providing project management oversight and aligning business and application system solutions with strategic plans.
analyzes and documents requirements through research, data gathering, and brainstorming activities.
strong development skills in sql, pl-sql, and tsql.
job description: we are seeking a functional analyst with experience evaluating and testing business rules who would like to join a challenging and exciting development project with the united states postal service, usps.
serve as functional subject matter expert in assigned project area, s, workstream group.
perform software testing to support sit and cat. perform data quality checks and data analytics, mining.
knowledge of software testing and validation.
knowledge of agile, rapid systems development.
knowledge of sql or other structured query languages.
experience with systems analysis, data analysis, and analytical reporting.
experience with software testing and validation.
experience with agile, rapid systems development.
excellent problem solving skills with ability to analyze situations, identify existing or potential problems and recommend solutions.
security requirements.
applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to sensitive information.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 3 years, required.
data analysis: 3 years, required.
support business initiatives through data analysis, identification of implementation barriers and user acceptance testing of new systems.
advanced knowledge of microsoft applications, including excel, project, and visio preferred.
as a business analyst for pbm operations team, you will work closely with clinical pharmacists to develop and update formularies by conducting data analysis and file management.
do you have strong, advanced microsoft excel skills.
advance, expert in ms excel, pivot tables, vookup, hlookup, index, match.
demonstrated excellent written and verbal communication skills.
key words: pbm, optumrx, pharmacy, pharmaceutical, prescription, rxclaim, medicare part d, technician, ms excel, data, analysis, analytical
we are looking for a data analyst for the enterprise data organization led by the chief data and architecture officer, cdao.
in this role, you will report to the enterprise data quality leader.
this exciting and newly created role will partner closely with key stakeholders including internal audit, line of business teams, data stewards, and technology smes to drive data quality improvements across the enterprise.
job description: - analyze business data and other data relationships to evaluate and report on the level of data quality - lead performer on data quality activities that support key compliance and regulatory processes - perform data discovery, profiling, and root
cause analysis on high priority data assets - build and implement new data quality rules to execute against high priority data assets - develop recommendations and implement improvements to data quality controls and monitoring processes - partner with various source system experts to understand their data and how it flows through the huntington data ecosystem, to help drive improvements in quality - provide support to data technology project teams responsible for building out next-generation data quality capabilities - partner with the data quality leader to help establish and drive data quality standards across the enterprise.
at least two years of hands on experience with sql or other query tools to analyze data.
hands on experience with data analytics tools like sas or python.
hands on experience with bi tools like microstrategy or tableau.
knowledgeable on data management, data governance, and data quality processes and technologies.
working experience on data architecture, data warehousing, and big data design.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
this person will be responsible for working with project teams to observe end-users, gather data, and create reports using sql server database tools and reporting tools such as excel, tableau, ssrs, etc.
must have excellent communication and organizational skills.
complete project dependencies accurately and on time.
sql: 3 years, preferred.
this position is a it business analyst which supports agile solution development needs for field operations across power delivery.
this individual collaborates on an on-going basis with the business and technical project stakeholders and applies proven communications, analytical and problem solving skills to help support the development process, and to ensure the project deliverables meet specifications.
possess agile experience – safe experience preferred.
possess strong presentation and communication skills, with both technical and business audiences.
safe agile: 2 years, preferred.
you will be responsible for configuring, testing, and implementing oracle financials cloud solutions.
strong experience with sql queries.
sql: 1 year, required.
proficient in microsoft office : word, powerpoint, excel and visio, sql.
construction project costing analysis.
influence business decisions at an executive management level by building operational and reporting dashboards assessing new project implementations such as promotions and hence increase bottom line.
act as a bridge between the it and business teams in order to better structure the data within the company for maximum actionable intelligence through agile methodology.
developed coding guidelines, application design code and reusable frameworks utilizing a thorough understanding of alteryx, sql workbench, power bi, dax, tableau and microsoft office suite.
work on design and development of data mappings, workflows to load data into staging area, data warehouse and data marts in azure data lake service.
co-ordinate with business analysts peers and source developer for performing data analysis and gathering business requirements.
participate in daily agile stand up meetings for resolving defects found in testing the new and existing reports, dashboards.
review data models and queries while performing weekly and ad hoc data analysis to ensure our operations engine running at full speed.
advanced sql skills - able to write complex and performant queries to extract data from our snowflake cluster.
proficient with tableau or other analytical visualization tools.
2 - 4 years of experience in data analysis, data science, business intelligence, or similar roles.
data-driven individual with a strong business acumen and focus on analytical problem solving, data manipulation and management skills.
excellent written and verbal communication, and the ability to turn data into a story for our business partners.
excited about analyzing big data.
bachelors degree in math, economics, statistics, engineering, computer science, or other quantitative field, or equivalent level of experience.
experience in programming, especially with data science and visualization libraries in python or r. advanced knowledge of experimentation and statistical methods.
advanced degree in statistics, math, economics, engineering, computer science, or other quantitative field
conduct research using client databases on specific complaints, the individuals submitting those complaints, or other relevant information related to individual queries or systemic issues.
enter agency related information into the tableau business intelligence and analytics database.
provide statistical analysis, and ad hoc reporting as required using the tableau analytics database.
understand and use predictive analysis and tools to forecast, employ business analytics, including an enhanced ability to quantify and qualify data, and conduct operational research to identify and recommend optimal or near-optimal solutions to complex challenges.
ability to conduct in-depth policy research, quantify the information and produce qualitative and quantitative reports.
clearance required: must have dod fully adjudicated secret security clearance, candidates without dod clearance or interim clearance will not be reviewed.
experience in varied data management approaches.
analytical and problem solving skills with attention to detail.
proficient in microsoft suite, word, excel, powerpoint.
security clearance required.
drive adoption and usage of the platform through client trainings, ongoing engagement with multiple contacts within an organization, effective communication and relationship building.
write sql code to support ad-hoc requests or bi projects, as well as investigate explicit issues.
proven superb written and oral communication skills.
outstanding analytical skills and a passion for problem solving.
advanced in sql, excel, and powerpoint.
first, we assess whether a candidate demonstrates our values: clear communication, positive energy, efficient execution, and continuous learning.
expert-level excel user, vlookups, pivots, macros, etc, strong sql, looker experience a plus.
fantastic communication skills in order to operate across multiple departments and stakeholders.
global data privacy notice for job candidates and applicants.
depending on your location, the general data protection regulation, gdpr, and california consumer privacy act, ccpa, may regulate the way we manage the data of job applicants.
analyze client data, primarily in sas, and develop strategies to address client business needs.
predictive modeling, segmentation.
help identify opportunities for predictive modeling to enhance strategies.
manage vendors and partners, ensuring data quality and adherence to appropriate processes.
programming, sas, sql, visual basic.
support the business development team by going deep into market and industry trends.
participate in project scoping and strategic planning.
communicate project and recommendation details verbally or through written documentation to management, peers, and other stakeholders.
ensure user feedback is integrated into research.
act in a support role on the business development team.
possess great communication reporting and collaboration skills.
our capabilities include program management, program oversight, process audit, intelligence analysis, cyber security, nist sp 800-171 assessment and compliance, computer forensics, software assurance, software testing, test automation, section 508 and wcag accessibility assessment, localization testing, independent verification and validation, ivandv, quality assurance, qa, compliance, and research and development, randd, services.
may assist in the preparation of budgeting and cost analysis reports.
use sql and tableau to build and maintain reports, models, and dashboards around these key metrics to monitor and improve performance.
2+ years experience working with sql.
knowledge of at least one statistical programming language preferred, with willingness to learn python, r or ruby.
focus on driving and capturing mi, data architecture, data warehouse.
execute mi, data architecture, analytic data and reporting.
banking experience, including the area of data management of loans and deposits, personal banking, cards, mortgage, risk and compliance and finance data with design, architecture and dashboards.
data management, including industry data management practice, data management processes such as data standards, data mapping, data quality monitoring, incident management resolution, warehouse and reports.
data warehouse and etl tools, datastage and qualitystage, information analyzer, alteryx, file transmission, sftp, connect direct, object storage.
relational data modeling, erd, and sql using microsoft sql server, oracle, db2, and teradata.
of the qualifying experience, must have at least 3 years in developing and delivering business intelligence reporting and data visualization using cognos, qlikview, power bi, and tableau.
bachelor’s degree with five years’ experience working with healthcare data, quality management, performance management, public reporting and statistics required.
project management experience preferred.
works as liaison between it and clinical disciplines to ensure accurate communication about requested information and that the most effective and efficient data collection efforts are achieved.
proficient in ms excel, access and visual basic macros.
proficient with database programming languages such as sql and oracle.
strong analytical, organizational, and communication skills required.
good written and verbal communication.
two plus years related experience in data analysis required.
you will learn the tax sale, trade process, be in communication with county, government jurisdictions for tax lien and property data.
– complete projects that require data mining, analysis, and presentation. – interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports.
– develop and implement data collection systems and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and data quality.
– 1-3+ years of experience as a data analyst. – knowledgeable in excel, powerpoint, word, salesforce and outlook
we are looking for a business intelligence analyst to help us solidify and build our growing bi platform into a robust insights portal that surfaces actionable customer insights and ensures customer engagement with and commitment to our data products.
in order to help ensure the success of this strategic company objective, you will work closely with our existing bi team, data product owners, and market-facing teams.
this tight collaboration will be critical as you help define standard analytics deliverables, build and polish these dashboards with careful attention to both the underlying data architecture and the visualizations, and maintain the dashboards for a growing population of stakeholders.
use your analytical skills and growing knowledge of our data products and customers to help the product team develop requirements for tableau dashboards that surface meaningful, actionable insights for our customers.
thoughtfully build and redesign our reporting data architecture to maximize performance, harden access security, and allow for iterative dashboard improvements at scale.
champion data and visualization integrity through thoughtful testing prior to production.
manage the internally and externally facing tableau server to ensure that all users have timely, accurate access to their visualizations.
create documentation and processes to help support a well-maintained bi system.
1+ years of experience with tableau desktop and, or tableau server.
managing complex user permissions and data security.
dashboard maintenance, performance tuning, and optimization.
experience querying, wrangling and extracting data from heterogeneous sources, large databases and in various data formats using sql.
experience trouble-shooting bi tools; able to resolve issues, extract failures, user access, etc, quickly to minimize downtime for internal and external stakeholders.
possesses a strong commitment to a team culture that is supportive, collaborative, and passionate about growing together as analytics and data visualization enthusiasts.
familiarity with aws tools and services such as: s3, athena, redshift.
experience with r or python for data manipulation and programming.
supports leadership team with data consultation, data gathering, and data analysis.
participate on project teams.
experience with sql or similar data querying language.
1+ years experience with sql.
the data analytics intern will be expected to use data analysis and statistical skills to help the union identify business opportunities.
data mining.
the goal of this project is to build targeted niche audiences that have a higher propensity of converting.
determine the union’s most valuable sponsorship assets and help determine the appropriate price points for them using past deals, market research, and other factors.
background in statistics, quantitative analysis, or other pertinent areas.
microsoft excel.
experience with sas, tableau, or other analytics software.
good communication skills, both written and verbal.
knowledge of databases like oracle and ms sql server.
technical skills in java.
net, sql are plus.
problem solving skills.
strong verbal and written communication skills.
uses advanced statistical modeling to complete comparison of data from company systems against customer systems data.
ability to support client escalations, achieve metrics, and provide data analysis.
ba, bs degree in mathematics, statistics, or other related fields or equivalent experience.
experience in ms office at an intermediate level, with advanced ms excel skills.
prior knowledge of sql databases highly preferred.
having been around for over fifteen years our client provides the resources necessary for their team members to excel and reach their career goals in the it industry.
this position requires the following specific technical and professional background: the ideal candidate will have 3+ years of experience working with data research and analysis.
3+ years of data analysis experience.
this person needs to hit the ground running when they start with this team and have great communication.
utilizing excel to streamline existing processes and create new data controls.
review current operational tasks and enhance the current workflow’s by integrating vba, sql.
run sql queries on large data sets to provide information to the team and senior management.
proficient in microsoft office applications preferably excel.
strong communication skills, written and verbal.
excel: 1 year, preferred.
research issues to determine best solution for unresolved technical problems.
bachelor’s degree or higher in computer science, statistics or other analytical field of study.
experience in data modeling or data engineering.
high proficiency in sql, qlikview or qliksense.
proficient in sas and python programming.
prepare accurate database design and architecture reports.
knowledge of data management and data modeling.
proficient in ms office with emphasis on ms excel.
participate in development of business analytics capabilities including but not limited to reporting, artificial intelligence, and machine learning in support of mfc operations.
bachelor’s, master’s or phd degree in data science, mathematics, statistics, engineering or related technical degree.
experience with predictive modeling, statistical analytics and machine learning methodologies.
experienced with the application of statistics and data-mining in a business environment, trend discovery and analysis, correlation and pattern discovery, text mining, etc.
experience using r, python, matlab, or other data analytics tool sets.
proficient with ms and oracle sql.
collaborates with various function teams such as marketing, research, underwriting, operations and it to identify analytical requirements and achieve business results.
provides support to research teams or management by collecting and analyzing data and reporting results based on the needs of end users.
introductory data analysis experience and demonstrated aptitude.
demonstrated ability to work in an iterative, agile, fast-paced environment.
strong communication and interpersonal skills.
advanced excel proficiency to include pivot tables.
introductory sql competency, basic queries.
experience working with a cloud-based environment such as microsoft azure.
proficient in linking excel to external data sources.
power bi or other data visualization tools
design a, b test on subject lines and content of ecommerce email marketing campaign to improve the conversion rate.
perform demand forecast for purchasing team, warehouse location optimization and pricing strategies for operation team.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
data analysis: 1 year, preferred.
we are seeking a junior analyst with strong written and verbal communication skills to work closely with cross functional teams.
to be an ideal fit for this role, the applicant should be a self-starter with skills which includes a strong technical understanding with excellent communication and social skills.
this role will identify key change impacts, develop plans including some process definition scenarios, communication and training as needed.
strong oral and written communication skills.
assisting in data collection, coordination.
effective communication skills.
the candidate will require an agile background with the primary responsibility of creating user stories\acceptance criteria for their agile team.
the analyst must have strong communication skills and will work heavily with our operations staff.
facilitates requirements gathering sessions to identify business and technical requirements for simple to moderately complex technology, research and business initiatives.
advanced proficiency in microsoft excel, use of macro’s, pivot tables, vlookups.
strong knowledge of sql.
excellent communication skills.
identifying testing scenarios, documenting test cases, executing tests, and leading uat.
this resource will also assist in testing of a new data source.
2 + years of experience in data analysis and reporting or similar field.
proficient in microsoft excel.
knowledge of teradata a plus.
hollstadt consulting is a twin cities-based management and technology consulting firm dedicated to placing professionals at engagements where they will excel.
our continued growth has created challenging and rewarding opportunities for accomplished project managers and business analysts.
the program, data analyst supports the data collection and analysis efforts for monitoring the implementation of a government program with respect to the care and placement of participants in a network of grant funded care provider program.
update and develop on site data collection tools and processes to yield statistically reliable and informative data and support field program assessments.
prepare written summaries and presentations that reflect the results of the data analysis and present findings to agency leadership.
help train contractor and field staff on the use of data collection and analysis tools.
assist with projects that support the continual improvement of data analysis.
compile, analyze, and visualize data using a data visualization platform such as tableau.
working knowledge of data visualization platforms, tableau, and scripting languages, r. working familiarity with sql and familiarity with relational databases.
advanced skills in excel, access, and vba.
strong written and verbal communication skills.
tableau and scripting languages: 3 years, preferred.
sql: 1 year, preferred.
review operations and testing of models to ensure adequacy or determine needs for reformulation.
prepare written, non-technical reports for management, indicating solutions or range of possible alternatives in rank of preferability and probability of success.
experience with machine learning, data mining, statistics, or graph algorithms in an academic or internship environment.
experience with using r, perl, python, sas, or spss for analysis of data.
knowledge of an object-oriented language, including java, c, c, or python.
ability to obtain a security clearance.
bs or ba degree in mathematics, economics, or statistics.
applicants selected will be subject to a security investigation and may need to meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.
help business implement technology solutions in a cost-effective way by determining the requirements of a project or program, and communicating them clearly to stakeholders, facilitators and partners.
learn and usage of various tools in compliance with respective project needs.
help project team members for estimation of changes.
coordinate with project team members on gaps in understanding.
good verbal and written communication.
we will be utilizing microsoft excel and microsoft powerbi in order to do this.
1 year building and maintaining reports in excel or other systems.
ability to pull data utilizing sql.
our client is looking to hire analytics consultant|| sas or sql.
10+ years reporting and analytical experience or a minimum of a masters degree in programs such as applied mathematics, statistics, engineering, physics, accounting, finance, economics or computer sciences with 5+ years related industry experience.
need strong skills in sql or sas analytics, not just etl, r or other software used for data mining and root cause analytics.
good understanding of business process and data analysis.
good communication, both written and oral.
ability to discuss functional and the solution aspects of a project effectively with it development.
good communication is a must.
managing and coordination of the regression and user acceptance testing with the users.
elicitation of strong master data management mdm.
should have worked on data quality, profiling and patterns, data moves, identification of trusted data.
agile experience is necessary.
a new project requirement.
expert in running jad sessions, defining and creating agile user stories in master data management that clearly articulate the business and technical requirements.
demonstrable experience, at least 2 large enterprise implementations, of being a bsa on a data management project, mdm, enterprise data warehouse projects, bi. be familiar with master data management principles.
be familiar with data governance and data management policies.
create business rules for data ingestion, data quality rules and identify data standardization routines.
create source, target mappings, perform data analysis, data profiling and business rules as they relate to data movement through applications, systems.
be able to run sql queries to determine data patterns, data profiling and perform qualitative analysis on the data.
perform gap analysis to determine the as-is system situation and the to-be system objective and key requirements for system reengineering for a data intensive mdm project.
agile environment experience.
the business analyst ii will be dedicated to multiple projects including but not limited to consolidation of systems, application migrations from legacy to non-legacy systems, and advancements of systems in an agile environment.
reporting scrum team environment - enterprise data management components, visualization, bo, tableau, powerbi, etl, report design, visualization, ui, ux, etc, tdd, selenium, data test strategies.
js, angular, reactjs, ror, java, postgresql, tss, selenium.
integration scrum team environment - enterprise java, integration, security, mmis, medicaid management information systems, meups, medicaid enterprise users provisioning subsystem, tdd, selenium, data test strategies.
the business analysts, product owners must enjoy spending time solving problems at the detailed level, using agile technical approaches with a strong understanding of data requirements and capabilities, functional usability, technical design, and software development supporting a next generation reporting product line.
communicate accurate, timely project statuses, issues, risks, scope to scrum master, product manager, teams, etc.
work with visualization software for rendering data into meaningful action - tableau, powerbi, bo, etc.
ability to discuss technical issues, data management topics and inform small groups on reporting, bi architect from a tableau perspective.
scrum, agile methodology - safe agile experience, stronly preferred.
data warehousing, mdm, master data management, data quality concepts, understanding.
bi practices, developing reports, drill-through capabilities, deep understanding, - addressing client questions, etc.
data analysis, interpretation experience.
safe agile experience
engrain is a recognized leader in next-generation interactive technology and visualization software solutions for the multifamily, commercial, residential, storage, and retail real estate industries.
consistently execute research to fill survey and map data gaps.
translate project specific map specifications from project managers or map production manager to survey teams to ensure data collected meets project needs.
proactively anticipate and identify potential data collection risks and issues that may impact deliverables, as well as implement mitigation and corrective action quickly.
expertise in data analysis and evaluation.
ability to mine publicly available information for rich content and project related data points.
experience in solving challenging problems via conducting independent research.
the role is responsible for supporting pge’s smart thermostat and water heater programs with customer data analysis and insights.
a successful candidate has extensive experience using ms sql to manipulate internal and external data sources, create procedures, scripts, and ssis packages to automate various processes.
strong communication, critical thinking, and problem solving are key requirements for a successful candidate.
experience with data visualization tools like tableau.
microsoft sql server certifications.
programming experience in a language other than sql.
strong knowledge of sql server integration services, ssis.
strong knowledge of t-sql querying, including complex joins, filters, views, functions, stored procedures, aggregations and ddl. experience with customer data analysis.
advanced t-sql scripting experience, including creation of views, stored procedures and user functions.
excellent written and oral communication skills with the ability explain issues to non-technical users concisel.
experience with sql server integration services, ssis, development.
conduct data analysis and related functions in order to inform stakeholders, understand data trends, and tie data into business processes and objectives.
conduct data analysis to answer standard or recurring inquiries and identify trends, correlation, and other relationships in data sets.
highly proficient in the ms office suite, particularly ms excel.
familiarity with software or tools used for business analytics, data analysis, and visualization such as tableau, powerpivot, powerbi, access, or vizio.
experience with data visualization methods and approaches.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
conduct deep-dive data analyses using your skills in sql query writing, data synthesis, and data analysis and translate the results into actionable business recommendations.
youll own looker, the bi tool we use, to ensure key dashboards are accurate, organized, and accessible to the organization.
you have extensive experience with sql, bi tools such as looker, and data viz tools.
you know how to marry data with qualitative research to paint a full picture of how a product is perceived and how it is being used.
sql developer and data analyst.
argen corporation currently has an exciting opportunity for a sql developer and data analyst to join a growing, technology-focused and service-oriented team.
manages and analyzes end-to-end, the data inside of the data visualization tool, domo.
imports data into the data warehouse.
prepares data for visualization, builds visualizations and performs data analysis.
builds domo data flows using magic etl and redshift to create new data sets.
monitors data quality and integrity.
extensive experience writing sql queries and stored procedures.
must possess excellent problem solving skills, and the self-motivation to improve skills.
background with data mining and working with very large databases.
excellent oral and written communication skills.
knowledge of cgmp regulations iso 13485, 21cfr part 820, cmdr sor, 98-282, 93, 42, eec, rdc 16 2013, mhlw mo 169 and tg, md, r sch3 preferred.
gupta media is looking for a data analyst to join our strategy and analytics team to assist with reporting, tracking, data analysis, advertising strategy, and visualization needs.
advanced knowledge of excel is a requirement, and 1-2 years of experience managing paid advertising campaigns or working in digital advertising is preferred.
comfort with excel, powerpoint, google data studio, google docs and google sheets is required.
maintaining customized dashboards in google sheets and excel that are updated on a daily, weekly cadence.
understand advertising trends within a single project and across multiple projects to help guide media buying strategy.
excellent written and verbal communication skills.
excel, powerpoint, google data studio, google docs and google sheets.
nice-to-have: tableau, python, sql, etl services.
strong data analysis skills.
good sql skills.
knowledge of python is preferable.
develop, maintain, and troubleshoot complex scripts and reports developed using sql, microsoft excel, or other analytics tools.
research key business problems and proactively identify opportunities for cost and utilization improvements through quantitative analysis.
the senior data analyst maintains and enhances tableau reporting from metadata that is maintained in the sql workbench.
the scripts are written in python and the database is hosted on the cms aws cloud.
access and analyze encounter data from the integrated data repository, idr teradata database.
create, maintain tableau interfaces.
design and produce tableau reports.
data visualization and health data analysis.
5+ years of experience with data visualization tool - tableau.
5+ years of direct experience working on the amazon web services, aws, analytics platform.
5+ years of experience in database technology tools - teradata, teradata sql.
5+ years of experience working with unix, python and shell scripting.
5+ years of experience to develop solutions that visualize data and allow customer to interact using data visualization software solution - tableau.
bachelor’s degree from an accredited institution required, mathematics, statistics, data analytics, healthcare or related field.
cms. proactively play an analytical role within the project for the purpose of identifying trends and evaluating the success of the mmp with available data.
teradata sql: 5 years, required.
data analysis skills: 5 years, required.
python: 5 years, required.
teradata: 5 years, required.
tableau: 5 years, required.
people-oriented -- supportive and fairness-focused.
you should be fluent in tools to measure on-site user behavior with tools such as heap or amplitude, bi tools like tableau or looker, and understand their underlying data structures to work with product and engineering to create new data views.
strength in sql, r, python for data analysis, modelling and visualization.
experience working in a product and engineering organization with both structured and unstructured data, sql and mongodb.
as a business analyst for pbm operations team, you will work closely with clinical pharmacists to develop and update formularies by conducting data analysis and file management.
do you have strong, advanced microsoft excel skills.
advance, expert in ms excel, pivot tables, vookup, hlookup, index, match.
demonstrated excellent written and verbal communication skills.
key words: pbm, optumrx, pharmacy, pharmaceutical, prescription, rxclaim, medicare part d, technician, ms excel, data, analysis, analytical
participate on multiple cross functional teams, regarding it initiatives and coordinate project team stakeholders to help develop business requirements for system solutions.
provide analytic support for the review of individual is projects by preparing reporting reflecting individual project health.
provide analysis on specific sdlc metrics, i, e, projects by type, by area, by director, by status, by phase, by dollars left to spend, by dollars spent, and other project portfolio metrics utilized to govern it.
prepare reporting that reflects the current state of the it project portfolio.
business analysis, business process modeling, is operations, project management or is required.
creates data visualization and on-going reports for program management.
bachelors degree in business administration, computer science, health information management, or a related field requiring strong data management or statistical analysis; or an equivalent combination of education and experience.
coursework in statistics and, or statistical process control required.
masters degree in business administration, computer science, health information management, epidemiology, public health or related field requiring strong data management and statistical analysis.
the ideal candidate will have several years of experience in comparable positions supporting customer care for similar organizations in the direct to consumer market handling reporting and data analysis.
advanced knowledge of database, reporting systems, sql, oracle, tableau, domo, etc.
proficient use of pc software applications, access, excel and powerpoint.
exemplary written and verbal communication.
reporting to the supervisor, provides reporting and analysis, manages data collections; determines business needs of internal and external stakeholders through consultation and analysis, evaluates information obtained, performs problem‑solving and business modeling, and develops solutions; provides business and data analysis services to program areas; completes special assignments and activities as assigned.
formats information and produces associated visualization, charts, and graphs to increase understanding.
assists data collection managers with identifying data anomalies and suggests data quality audits to improve data collection efforts.
manages data collection process by planning collections, updating collection planning documents, coordinating communication to school districts, reviewing data quality audits, and creating and updating related webinars.
at least two years of recent data analysis, business analysis, systems analysis, or gis analysis.
knowledge of relational database management systems such as sql server and ability to use sas, r, or other similar statistical analysis software package.
excellent communication and interpersonal skills.
knowledge of it systems and proficiency in spss, sas or transact sql.
demonstrated written and oral communication skills, including the ability to communicate effectively with both technical and nontechnical audiences.
experience with education data or research.
the technical data analyst will serve as the business lead for the corporate enterprise data warehouse, edw, project and qlikview conversion efforts.
they will work with is, our consultants and other business users to verify the data model design, test data builds, verify algorithms and integrate the data using our new business intelligence reporting tool.
sql, ms access, ms excel and other reporting tools as necessary.
coordinate and conduct testing of data as it is loaded into edw by consultants and is.
research issues to determine source of discrepancies.
b. s. or higher degree in computer science, statistics or other analytical field of study.
proven skills in hyperion or similar bi tool report and dashboard preparation.
ability to use computer spreadsheet, excel, and database, access and others, tools at advanced level.
ability to acquire and manipulate data programmatically, including strong sql skills and experience with a scripting language such as python, r. demonstrably strong business orientation and propensity toward action.
excellent communication skills and a desire to collaborate closely with others.
experience with bi tools, tableau, power bi.
data standards and master data management, mdm, governance processes.
facilitate and support the mdm governance standards and processes.
strong communication, presentation and stakeholder management skills.
successful project and programme management data stream experience within a large, complex multi-site, supplier environment and able to demonstrate a range of concluded projects, programmes.
the data and analytics junior business analyst will wear many hats while supporting the team in everything from requirements gathering, technical investigation, testing, training, and post-deployment support.
communicate status of requests or project to business stakeholders on a regular basis.
strong written and oral communication skills.
working knowledge of microsoft office suite, especially excel.
advanced excel skills, pivot tables, vlookups, if functions, etc.
sql knowledge, rdbms structure, select queries, etc.
experience in data warehousing, data analytics, or data management.
for this role, we are looking for an experienced data, bi analyst who will oversee data instrumentation, dashboard, report building, metrics reviews, inform channel investments, guidance on success, failure metrics, cost, benefit and ad hoc analysis.
create relevant insights from data analysis covering viewer, creator, ad sales, commerce and content deals.
fluency in data analysis and communication around data, including time series analysis, experimentation, data visualization, and defining goal strategy for your business.
technical background and programming experience–especially r or python.
statistics knowledge and hypothesis testing experience.
experience developing dashboards using tableau.
sql proficiency.
title: data visualization expert.
skills: tableau, sap bo, qlikview, spotfire, microstrategy.
as a data visualization developer in enterprise information management, you will have the opportunity to enhance and deepen your analytical and technical it skills in the strategically important areas of analytics, data visualization, and business intelligence.
you will be working with business parnters as a consultant to help them use tools such as tableau, qlikview, spotfire, sap bo, microstrategy or microsoft office power bi to visualize their data.
process deteriorated pole work-orders to the pole project management group, ppm. update poletracker with dates when work-order packages are received from contractors.
utilize sas visual analytics for data extraction and reporting.
two or more years of experience as a program or project support analyst performing complex data analyses.
experience utilizing advance functions of microsoft excel such as sum-ifs, v-lookups, index, match, pivot tables, macros, and manage and analyze large datasets.
experience using sas visual analytics for data extraction and reporting.
experience with pole tracker, project tracker, design manager, dm, sap, sas va, or other visual analytics software.
must be highly proficient in microsoft excel, word, access, powerpoint, and outlook.
